Have you ever felt annoyed by criticism of your drinking?
Have you ever had guilty feelings about drinking?
Have you ever started the day off with a drink?
Have you ever thought you should cut down on your drinking?
Have you recently:
Been able to concentrate on whatever you're doing?
Lost much sleep over worry?
Been having restless, disturbed nights?
Been managing to keep yourself busy and occupied?
Been getting out of the house as much as usual?
Been managing as well as most people would in your shoes?
Felt on the whole you were doing things well
Been satisfied with the way you've carried out your task?
Been able to feel warmth and affection for those near to you?
Been finding it easy to get on with other people?
Spent much time chatting with people?
Felt that you are playing a useful part in things?
Felt capable of making decisions about things?
Felt constantly under strain?
Felt you couldn't overcome your difficulties?
Been finding life a struggle all the time?
Been able to enjoy your normal day-to-day activities?
Been taking things hard?
Been getting scared or panicky for no good reason?
Been able to face up to your problems?
Found everything getting on top of you?
Been feeling unhappy and depressed?
Been losing confidence in yourself?
Been thinking of yourself as a worthless person?
Felt that life is entirely hopeless?
Been feeling hopeful about your own future?
Been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?
Been feeling nervous and strung-up all the time?
Felt that life isn't worth living?
Found at times you couldn't do anything because your nerves were too bad
Superficial
Grandiose
Deceitful
Lacks remorse
Lacks empathy
Doesn't accept responsibility
Impulsive
Poor behaviour controls
Lacks goals
Irresponsible
Adolescent antisocial behaviour
Adult antisocial behaviour
Are you happiest when you get involved in some project that calls for rapid action?
Do you sometimes feel happy, sometimes depressed, without any apparent reason?
Does your mind often wander while you are trying to concentrate?
Do you usually take the initiative in making new friends?
Are you inclined to be quick and sure in your actions?
Are you frequently lost in thought’ even when supposed to be taking part in a conversation?
Are you sometimes bubbling over with energy and sometimes very sluggish?
Would you rate yourself as a lively individual?
Would you be very unhappy if you were prevented from making numerous social contacts?
Are you inclined to be moody?
Do you have frequent ups and downs in mood, either with or without apparent cause?
Do you prefer action to planning for action?
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you:
Felt little interest or pleasure in doing things?
Felt down, depressed, or hopeless?
Had trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much?
Felt tired of had little energy?
Been bothered by a poor appetite or overeating?
been bothered about feeling bad about yourself or that you are a failure or have you let yourself or your family down?
Had trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television?
Been bothered by moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed? Or the opposite – being so fidgety or you have been moving around a lot more than usual?
Had thoughts that you would be better off dead or hurting yourself in some way?
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you:
Been bothered by feeling nervous, anxious or on edge?
Been bothered by not being able to stop or control worrying?
Been bothered by worrying too much about different things?
Had trouble relaxing?
Been bothered by being so restless that it is hard to it still?
Been bothered about becoming easily annoyed or irritable?
Been bothered about feeling afraid as if something awful might happen?
Under each heading, please tick the one box that best describes your health today:
Mobility
Self-care
Usual activities (e.g. work, study, housework, family or leisure activities)
Pain/discomfort
Anxiety/depression
We would like to know how good or bad your health is today.
How much have you been bothered by these problems in the past month?
Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts, or images of a stressful experience?
Repeated, disturbing dreams of a stressful experience?
Suddenly acting or feeling as if a stressful experience were happening again (as if you were re-living it)?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience?
Having physical reactions (e.g. heart pounding, trouble breathing, sweating) when something reminded you of a stressful experience?
Avoiding thinking about or talking about a stressful experience?
Avoiding activities or situations because they reminded you of a stressful experience?
Trouble remembering important parts of a stressful experience?
Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy?
Feeling distant or cut-off from other people?
Feeling emotionally numb or being unable to have loving feelings to those who are close to you?
Feeling as if your future will somehow be cut short?
Having trouble falling or staying asleep?
Feeling irritable or having angry outbursts?
Having difficulty concentrating?
Being super alert, watchful or on-guard?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
Thinking about a typical day when you are drinking how many of the following do you drink?
a. Standard glass of wine 
b. Pint of lager/beer/cider 
c. Alcopop 
d. Single shot of spirit
During the past year, how often have you had six or more units of alcohol on one occasion?
During the past year, how often have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
During the past year, how often have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of drinking (e.g., go to college/university/work, play sport or go out with family and friends)?
During the past year, how often have you needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
During the past year, how often have you had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
During the past year, how often have you been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
During the past year have you, or has someone else, been injured as a result of your drinking?
During the past year has anyone (e.g., a relative, friend or doctor) been concerned about your drinking or suggested you cut down?
The things I see as being really important in my life have changed
I appreciate the value of my own life more
I developed new interests
I developed a greater feeling of self-reliance
I developed a better understanding of spiritual matters
I can see more clearly that I can count on people in times of trouble
I set up a new direction for my life
I feel closer to other peopl
I am more willing to express my emotions
I am more confident that I can handle difficulties
I am able to do better things with my life
I am better able to accept the way things work out
I can better appreciate each day
New opportunities are available which wouldn't have been otherwise
I am more understanding of others
I put more effort into my relationships
I am more likely to try to change things that need changing
I have a stronger religious faith
I disovered that I am stronger than I thought I was
I learned to appreciate other people
I am more able to accept that I need other people
Smoking Status?
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
Trouble falling/staying asleep, sleeping too much
Feeling tired or having little energy
Poor appetite or overeating
Feeling bad about yourself or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down
Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television.
Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite; being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual.
Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way.
If you selected ANY problems listed above, how difficult have these problems made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home or get along with other people?
Repeated, disturbing, and unwanted memories of the stressful experience?
Repeated, disturbing dreams of the stressful experience?
Suddenly feeling or acting as if the stressful experience were actually happening again (as if you were actually back there reliving it)?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of the stressful experience?
Having strong physical reactions when something reminded you of the stressful experience (for example, heart pounding, trouble breathing, sweating)?
Avoiding memories, thoughts, or feelings related to the stressful experience?
Avoiding external reminders of the stressful experience (for example, people, places, conversations, activities, objects, or situations)?
Trouble remembering important parts of the stressful experience?
Having strong negative beliefs about yourself, other people, or the world (for example, having thoughts such as: I am bad, there is something seriously wrong with me,
no one can be trusted, the world is completely dangerous)?
Blaming yourself or someone else for the stressful experience or what happened after it?
Having strong negative feelings such as fear, horror, anger, guilt, or shame?
Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy?
Feeling distant or cut off from other people?
Trouble experiencing positive feelings (for example, being unable to feel happiness or have loving feelings for people close to you)?
Irritable behaviour, angry outbursts, or acting aggressively?
Taking too many risks or doing things that could cause you harm?
Being “superalert” or watchful or on guard?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
Having difficulty concentrating?
Trouble falling or staying asleep?
Feeling emotionally numb or being unable to have loving feelings to those who are close to you?
Feeling as if your future will somehow be cut short?
The way I eat makes me really unhappy
How often do you use drugs other than alcohol?
Do you use more than one type of drug on the same occasion?
How many times do you take drugs on a typical day when you use drugs?
How often are you influenced heavily by drugs?
Over the past year, have you felt that your longing for drugs was so strong that you could not resist it?
Has it happened, over the past year, that you have not been able to stop taking drugs once you started?
How often over the past year have you taken drugs and then neglected to do something you should have done?
How often over the past year have you needed to take a drug the morning after heavy drug use the day before?
How often over the past year have you had guilt feelings or a bad conscience because you used drugs?
Have you or anyone else been hurt (mentally or physically) because you used drugs?
Has a relative or a friend, a doctor or a nurse, or anyone else, been worried about your drug use or said to you that you should stop using drugs?
I worry all the time about whether the pain will end
I feel I can't go on
It's terrible and I think it's never going to get any better
It's awful and I feel that it overwhelms me
I feel I can't stand it anymore
I become afraid that the pain will get worse
I keep thinking of other painful events
I anxiously want the pain to go away
I can't seem to keep it out of my mind
I keep thinking about how much it hurts
I keep thinking about how badly I want the pain to stop
There's nothing I can do to reduce the intensity of the pain
I wonder whether something serious may happen
How would you describe your twins eating styles on a typical day?
My child loves food
My child eats more when irritable
My child has a big appetite
My child finishes his/her food quickly
My child is interested in food
My child cannot eat a meal if he/she has had a snack just before
My child refuses new foods at first
My child eats slowly
My child looks forward to mealtimes
My child wants to eat (e.g. reaches out or asks) when he/she smells certain foods
My child wants to eat (e.g. reaches out or asks) when he/she sees certain foods
My child is always asking for food
My child eats more when grumpy
If allowed to, my child would eat too much
My child eats more when upset
My child enjoys a wide variety of foods
My child leaves food on his/her plate or in the jar at the end of a meal
My child takes more than 30 minutes to finish a meal
Given the choice, my child would eat most of the time
My child enjoys tasting new foods
My child gets full before his/her meal is finished
My child enjoys eating
My child refuses to eat certain types of food (e.g. vegetables, meat)
My child is difficult to please with meals
My child eats more than usual if he/she really enjoys the taste of a food
My child decides that he/she does not like a food, even without tasting it
My child eats more and more slowly during the course of a meal
Even when my child has just eaten well, he/she is happy to eat again if offered
My child wants to eat (e.g. reaches out or asks) when he/she sees others eating
My child gets full up easily
My child is interested in tasting food he/she has not tasted before
How often do you refuse food or drink offered because you are concerned about your weight?
Do you have a desire to eat when someone lets you down?
Do you take into account your weight with what you eat?
Do you have a desire to eat when things are going against you or when things have gone wrong?
If you have something delicious to eat, do you eat it straight away?
Do you have a desire to eat when you are cross?
Do you deliberately eat foods that are slimming?
If food smells and looks good, do you eat more than usually?
How often do you try not to eat between meals because you are watching your weight?
Do you have a desire to eat when you are disappointed?
Do you deliberately eat less in order not to become heavier?
If food tastes good to you, do you eat more than usual?
Do you have a desire to eat when you are feeling lonely?
If you see others eating, do you also have a desire (want) to eat?
If you see or smell something delicious, do you have to eat it?
How would you describe your twins' eating styles on a typical day?
My child refuses new food at first
My child enjoys a wide variety of foods
My child enjoys tasting new foods
My child refuses to eat certain types of food (e.g. vegetables, meat)
My child is difficult to please with meals
My child decides that he/she does not like a food, even without tasting it
My child is interested in tasting food he/she has not tasted before
In general, do your twins react in the same way to new foods they haven't tasted before?
If 8 = no,
Why do you think it is that your twins react to new foods differently?
How does your child respond to the situations listed below on a typical day?
My child shows distress during face washing/hair brushing etc.
My child reacts negatively when touched by a person
My child avoids textures or won't play with messy materials
My child dislikes being tickled
My child dislikes being cuddled or being held
My child has trouble adjusting to water temperature or dislikes water
My child reacts negatively to unexpected or loud sounds
My child is disturbed by too much light or brightness
My child...
Your child often complains of headaches, stomach-aches...
Your child has many worries, and often seems worried
Your child is often unhappy, downhearted, or tearful
Your child is nervous or clingy in new situations
Your child has many fears, and is easily scared
How would you describe your twins' eating styles on a typical day?
My child loves food
My child has a big appetite
My child finishes his/her meal quickly
My child is interested in food
My child refuses new food at first
My child eats slowly
My child enjoys tasting new foods
My child is always asking for food
If allowed to, my child would eat too much
My child enjoys a wide variety of foods
My child leaves food on his/her plate at the end of a meal
My child takes more than 30 minutes to finish a meal
Given the choice, my child would eat most of the time
My child looks forward to mealtimes
My child gets full before his/her meal is finished
My child enjoys eating
My child is difficult to please with meals
My child gets full up easily
Even if my child is full up, he/she finds room to eat his/her favourite food
My child cannot eat a meal if he/she has had a snack just before
My child is interested in tasting food he/she hasn't tasted before
My child decides that he/she doesn't like a food without even tasting it
If given the chance my child would always have food in his/her mouth
My child eats more and more slowly during the course of a meal
Do you think your child avoids or restricts their food intake?
Has your child failed to gain enough weight or grow for more than 3 months as a result of limited eating?
Does your child have any nutritional deficiencies or inadequacies as a result of limited eating?
Because of their poor eating, has your child been tube-fed or prescribed supplement drinks to maintain their weight and growth?
Does your child's eating negatively affect their day-to-day functioning, ability to participate in a full range of age-appropriate activities and/or your family life?
If any 1 - 5 = 'yes, previously',
a. please report when the problem started;
b. how long the problem lasted for
If any 1-5 = 'yes, currently',
c. please report when the problem started;
d. if the problem is ongoing
Does s/he appear to have an unusual memory for details?
Can s/he keep a two-way conversation going?
Does s/he have at least one good friend?
Does s/he have an unusual eye gaze, facial expression, voice or gestures?
Does s/he tend to take things literally?
Does s/he have a strong interest in an unusual topic?
Does s/he like to do things over and over again, in the same way all the time?
Does s/he often do or say things that are tactless or socially inappropriate?
Is s/he rather solitary and does s/he tend to play alone?
Does s/he have any unusual or repetitive movements?
Is his/her social behaviour very one-sided and always on his/her own terms?
Does s/he often turn conversations to his/her favourite subject rather than following what the other person wants to talk about?
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
Which body/figure looks most like yours?
Which body/figure would you like to have?
What is your current weight?
What weight do you want to be?
Please describe your own eating styles on a typical day.
I love food
I often decide that I don't like food, before tasting it
I enjoy eating
I look forward to mealtimes
I eat more when I’m annoyed
I often notice my stomach rumbling
I refuse new foods at first
I eat more when I’m worried
If I miss a meal I get irritable
I eat more when I’m upset
I often leave food on my plate at the end of a meal
I enjoy tasting new foods
I often feel hungry when I am with someone who is eating
I often finish my meals quickly
I eat less when I’m worried
I eat more when I’m anxious
Given the choice, I would eat most of the time
I eat less when I’m angry
I am interested in tasting new food I haven’t tasted before
I eat less when I’m upset
I eat more when I’m angry
I am always thinking about food
I often get full before my meal is finished
I enjoy a wide variety of foods
I am often last at finishing a meal
I eat more and more slowly during the course of a meal
I eat less when I’m annoyed
I often feel so hungry that I have to eat something right away
I eat slowly
I cannot eat a meal if I have had a snack just before
I get full up easily
I often feel hungry
When I see or smell food that I like, it makes me want to eat
If my meals are delayed I get light-headed
I eat less when I'm anxious
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I think about dieting
I am preoccupied with the desire to be thinner
If I gain a pound, I worry that I will keep gaining
I have the thought of trying to vomit in order to lose weight
I eat or drink in secrecy
 
How often do you refuse food or drink offered because you are concerned about your weight?
Do you try to eat less at mealtimes than you would like to eat?
If you have put on weight, do you eat less than you usually do?
Do you watch exactly what you eat?
Do you deliberately eat foods that are slimming?
When you have eaten too much, do you eat less than usual the following days?
Do you deliberately eat less in order to prevent gaining weight?
How often do you try not to eat between meals because you are watching your weight?
How often do you try not to eat in the evening because you are watching your weight?
Do you take into account your weight with what you eat?
Are you afraid of gaining weight or getting fat?
When I am in a situation where others can see my body (e.g., pool, changing room), I feel ashamed.
I avoid exercising in front of others since I feel embarrassed.
Over the last three months, have you done any of the following to avoid putting on weight or losing weight:
Eating less at meals
Skipping meals
Going without food for long periods of time, e.g. all day or most of the day
Hiding or throwing away food that others give you
Avoid eating foods that make you fat
Exercising more
Making yourself vomit (throw up)
Taking pills or medicines in order to lose weight
Do you spend a lot of your time thinking about food?
Sometimes people lose control over what they eat, and then they eat a very large amount of food in a short time. For example, they may open the fridge and eat as much as they can find – eating and eating until they feel physically ill. This usually happens when people are by themselves. 
Does this happen to you?
If 10 = yes,
Over the last three months, how often on average has this  happened?
Please describe how much you typically eat during one of your episodes of eating too much (‘binge’).
In the last 3 months, has there been a time when you were eating and you felt like you couldn’t stop? Where you just kept eating and eating and couldn’t stop even if you wanted to?
 If 13 = yes, 
If yes, how often has this happened, over the last 3 months?
 
 
 
I start to eat when I feel anxious
Sometimes when I start eating, I just can’t seem to stop.
When I feel sad, I often eat too much
Being with someone who is eating, often makes me want to eat as well.
I often get so hungry that my stomach feels like a bottomless pit.
I’m always so hungry that it’s hard for me to stop eating before finishing all of the food on my plate.
When I feel lonely, I console myself by eating.
When I smell something delicious, I find it very difficult to keep from eating, even if I’ve just finished a meal.
I’m always hungry enough to eat at any time.
When I see something that looks very delicious, I often get so hungry that I have to eat right away.
I go on eating binges even though I am not hungry.
When I have eaten more than I want, I feel guilty.
When I can’t manage to work out physically (exercise), I feel guilty.
I blame myself when I don’t stick to my eating plan.
I squirm in class at school.
I am restless in class at school.
I do not pay attention.
I get easily bored when I have to concentrate on a difficult problem.
To what extent have you felt this way during the past week?
Joyful
Cheerful
Happy
Lively
Proud
Miserable
Mad (very angry)
Afraid
Scared
Sad
I like myself the way I am
I wish I were someone else
Within the last few weeks have you:
Been able to concentrate on whatever you’re doing?
Lost much sleep over worry?
Felt that you are playing a useful part in things?
Felt capable of making decisions about things?
Felt constantly under strain?
Felt you couldn’t overcome your difficulties?
Been able to enjoy your normal day to day activities?
Been able to face up to your problems?
Been feeling unhappy and depressed?
Been losing confidence in yourself?
Been thinking of yourself as a worthless person?
Been feeling reasonably happy?
For the next questions we would like you to think about how you are currently feeling.
I think that coronavirus is a very serious issue
I’m worried that I will catch coronavirus (COVID-19)
I’m worried that family and friends will catch coronavirus
I’m afraid to leave the house right now
I’m worried I might pass the infection to someone else
I’m worried we won’t have enough food and other essential items
I’m worried about how much school I have missed
I’m worried about how much money we have coming in
I’m worried about the long term impact this will have
For each behaviour, please indicate how often your babies did this.
During feeding, how often did your babies:
Lie or sit quietly?
Squirm or kick?
Wave their arms?
During sleep, how often did your babies:
Toss about in the crib?
Move from the middle to the end of the crib?
Sleep in one position only?
When being dressed or undressed, how often did your babies:
Wave or kick?
Squirm or try to roll away?
When put into bath water, how often did your babies:
Splash or kick?
Squirm or turn around?
When placed on their backs, how often did your babies:
Wave their arms or kick?
Squirm or turn their body?
Sit quietly?
For each behaviour, please indicate how often your twins did this in the past 2 weeks.
While in the bath, how often did your twins:
Sit quietly?
Splash, kick, or try to jump?
During everyday activities, how often did your twins:
Move quickly from one place to another?
Seem full of energy, even in the evening?
During sleep, how often did your twins:
Toss about in the bed or cot?
Sleep in one position only?
When playing with other children (of the same age), how often did your twins:
Seem to be one of the more active children?
Sit quietly and watch?
When being dressed or undressed, how often did your twins:
Squirm and try to get away?
Stay still?
Please read each statement and decide whether it is a true description of your child within the last 6 months.
My child:
Seems always in a big hurry to get from one place to another
Usually rushes into an activity without thinking about it
Tends to run, rather than walk, from room to room
When outside, often sits quietly
Moves about actively (runs, climbs, jumps) when playing in house
Often rushes into new situations
Prepares for trips and outings by planning things he/she will need
Takes a long time in approaching new situations
Can wait before entering into new activities if he/she is asked to
Is slow and unhurried in deciding what to do next
Prefers quiet activities to active games
Tends to say the first thing that comes to mind, without stopping to think about it
Has trouble sitting still when he/she is told to (at movies, church, etc.)
Is good at following instructions
Approaches places he/she has been told are dangerous slowly and cautiously
Can easily stop an activity when he/she is told ‘no’
Is among the last children to try out a new activity
Is full of energy, even in the evening
Likes to sit quietly and watch people do things
Please read each statement and decide whether it is a true description of your child within the last 6 months.
The good prospect of obtaining a reward motivates your child strongly to do some things.
Your child often does things to be praised
Your child enjoys being the centre of attention
When your child is in a group, they try to stand out as the smartest or the funniest
When your child gets something they want, they feel excited and energised
Your child does a lot of things for approval
Your child generally prefers activities that involve immediate reward
The following statements are about your personality. How much do you agree with each?
If I fail at school, I am a failure as a person
If someone does a task at school better than me, then I feel like I failed at the whole task
If I do not do well all the time, people will not respect me
The fewer mistakes I make, the more people will like me
I set higher goals for myself than most people
I have extremely high goals.
Other people seem to accept lower standards from themselves than I do
I expect higher performance in my daily tasks than most people
How much do you agree with each of the following statements?
When I feel bad, I will often do things I later regret in order to make myself feel better now.
Sometimes when I feel bad, I can’t seem to stop what I am doing even though it is making me feel worse.
When I am upset, I often act without thinking.
When I feel rejected, I will often say things that I later regret.
How much do you agree with each of the following statements?
I have difficulty making sense out of my feelings
I am confused about how I feel
When I'm upset, I believe that I will remain that way for a long time
When I'm upset, I believe that I'll end up feeling very depressed
When I'm upset, I believe that there is nothing I can do to make myself feel better
When I'm upset, I start to feel very bad about myself
When I'm upset, my emotions feel overwhelming
I have felt cheerful and in good spirits
I have felt calm and relaxed
I have felt active and vigorous
I have woken up feeling fresh and rested
My daily life has been filled with things that interest me
The following statements are about how you feel about your job. For each statement, please tell me how often you feel this way…
At my work I feel full of energy
I am enthusiastic about my job
Time flies when I am working
I feel exhausted at the end of the working day
I doubt the importance of my work
In my opinion, I am good at my job
Do you feel tense or "wound up"?
Do you get a sort of frightened feeling as if something awful is about to happen?
Do worrying thoughts go through your mind?
Can you sit at ease and feel relaxed?
Do you get a sort of frightened feeling like "butterflies" in the stomach?
Do you feel restless as if you have to be on the move?
Do you get sudden feelings of panic?
The term traumatic event or experience means something like a major natural disaster, a serious automobile accident, being raped, seeing someone killed or seriously injured, having a loved one die by murder or suicide, or any other experience that either put you or someone close to you at risk of serious harm or death. Has a traumatic event or experience ever happened to you at any time in your life?
If 1 = yes,
How long ago did that traumatic experience happen? If you have experienced more than one, please answer about the most recent
Have you experienced, at least twice in the past week?
Upsetting memories or thoughts about the event that have come into your mind against your will
Upsetting dreams about the event
Acting or feeling as though the event were happening again
Feeling upset by reminders of the event
Bodily reactions (such as fast heartbeat, stomach churning, sweatiness, dizziness) when reminded of the event
Difficulty falling or staying asleep
Irritability or outbursts of anger
Difficulty concentrating
Heightened awareness of potential dangers to yourself and others
Being jumpy or being startled at something unexpected
To what extent do you agree with the following statements about your normal day to day work for the Police Force?
How satisfied are you with your job as a whole?
Does your mood often go up and down?
Are you a talkative person?
Do you ever feel 'just miserable' for no reason?
Are you rather lively?
Are you an irritable person?
Do you enjoy meeting new people?
Are your feelings easily hurt?
Can you usually let yourself go and enjoy yourself at a lively party?
Do you often feel 'fed-up'?
Do you usually take initiative in making new friends?
Would you call yourself a nervous person?
Can you easily get some life into a rather dull party?
Are you a worrier?
Do you tend to keep in the background on social occasions?
Would you call yourself tense or 'highly-strung'?
Do you like mixing with people?
Do you worry too long after an embarrassing experience?
Do you like plenty of bustle and excitement around you?
Do you suffer from 'nerves'?
Are you mostly quiet when you are with other people?
Do you often feel lonely?
Do other people think of you as being very lively?
Are you often troubled about feelings of guilt?
Can you get a party going?
Thinking about the last week…
Have you felt fit and well?
Have you felt full of energy?
Have you felt sad?
Have you felt lonely?
Have you had enough time for yourself?
Have you been able to do the things that you want to do in your free time?
Have your parent(s) treated you fairly?
Have you had fun with your friends?
Have you got on well at school?
Have you been able to pay attention?
I try to be nice to other people. I care about their feelings
I am restless, I cannot stay still for long
I get a lot of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
I usually share with others (food, games, pens etc.)
I get very angry and often lose my temper
I am usually on my own. I generally play alone or keep to myself
I usually do as I am told
I worry a lot
I am helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I have one good friend or more
I fight a lot. I can make other people do what I want
I am often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Other people my age generally like me
I am easily distracted, I find it difficult to concentrate
I am nervous in new situations. I easily lose confidence
I am kind to younger children
I am often accused of lying or cheating
Other children or young people pick on me or bully me
I often volunteer to help others (parents, teachers, children)
I think before I do things
I take things that are not mine from home, school or elsewhere
I get on better with adults than with people my own age
I have many fears, I am easily scared
I finish the work I'm doing. My attention is good
IS1. Overall, do you think that you have difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
If IS1 = yes,
IS2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS3. Do the difficulties upset or distress you?
IS4. Do the difficulties interfere with the child’s everyday life in the following areas?
a. Home
b. Friendships
c. Classroom activities
d. Leisure activities
IS5. Do the difficulties make it harder for those around you (family, friends, teachers, etc.)?
Have you ever felt as if people seem to drop hints about you or say things with a double meaning?
Have you ever felt as if some people are not what they seem to be?
Have you ever felt that you are being persecuted in anyway?
Have you ever felt as if there is a conspiracy against you?
Have you ever felt that people look at you oddly because of your appearance?
Have you ever felt as if electrical devices such as computers can influence the way you think?
Have you ever felt as if the thoughts in your head are being taken away from you?
Have you ever felt as if the thoughts in your head are not your own?
Have you ever been so vivid that you were worried other people would hear them?
Have you ever heard your thoughts being echoed back at you?
Have you ever felt as if you are under the control of some force or power other than yourself?
Have you ever felt as if a double has taken the place of a family member, friend or acquaintance?
Have you ever heard voices when you are alone?
Have you ever heard voiced talking to each other when you are alone?
Have you ever seen objects, people or animals that other people can’t see?
CM is considerate of others' feelings
CM is restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
CM often complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
CM shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc)
CM often has temper tantrums
CM is rather solitary, tends to play alone
CM is generally obedient, usually does what adults request
CM has many worries, often seems worried
CM is helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
CM is constantly fidgeting or squirming
CM is has at least one good friend
CM often fights with other children or bullies them
CM is often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
CM is generally liked by other children
CM is easily distracted
CM is nervous or clingy in new situations
CM is kind to younger children
CM often lies or cheats
CM is kicked on or bullied by other children
CM often volunteers to help others
CM thinks before acting
CM is steals from home, school or elsewhere
CM gets on better with adults than with other children
CM has many fears, is easily scared
CM sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS1. Overall, do you think that your child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
If IS1 = yes
How long have these difficulties been present?
Do the difficulties upset or distress your child?
Do the difficulties interfere with your child's everyday life in the following areas?
Home life?
Friendships?
If child is from BC group:
6a. Learning?
If child is from CC group:
6b. Classroom learning?
If IS1 = yes,
Leisure activities?
Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the family as a whole?
Many items - see file
I felt miserable or unhappy
I didn’t enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good anymore
I cried a lot
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never be as good as other kids
I did everything wrong
How does [CHILD] compare with other young people of his/her age in the following abilities?
Able to laugh around with others, for example accepting light-hearted teasing and responding appropriately?
Easy to hat with, even if it isn't on a topic that specially interests him or her?
Able to compromise and be flexible?
Finds the right thing to say ro do in order to calm a tense or embarassing situation?
Gracious when s/he doesn't win or get his/her own way. A good loser?
Other people feel at ease around him/her?
By reading between the lines of what people say, s/he can work out what they are really thinking or feeling?
After doing something wrong, s/he's able to say sorry and sort it out so that there are no hard feelings?
Can take the lead without others feeling bossed about?
Aware of what is and isn't appropriate in different social situations?
Considerate of oteher people's feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still for long
Often complains of headaches, stomach aches or sickness
Shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc)
Often has temper tantrums or hot tempers
Rather solitary, tends to play alone
Generally obedient, usually does what adults request
Many worries, often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Constantly fidgeting or squirming
Has at least one good friend
Often fights with other children or bullies them
Often unhappy, downhearted or tearful
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted, concentration wanders
Nervous or clingy in new situations, easily loses confidence
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others (parents, teachers, other children)
Things things out before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults than with other children
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS 1. Overall, do you think [CHILD] has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people? 
If IS 1 = yes,
IS 2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS 3. Do the difficulties upset or distress [CHILD]?
IS 4. Do the difficulties interfere with [CHILD]'s everyday life in the following areas - home life?
IS 5. ...friendships?
IS 6. ...classroom learning?
IS 7. ...leisure activities?
IS 8. Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the family as a whole?
Do any of the following descriptions apply to you?
Generous
Outgoing, sociable
Nicer personality
Reliable and responsible
Easy-going
Good fun, good sense of humour
Caring, kind-hearted
Independent
Are there any other good points you want to mention?
On the whole, I am satisfied with myself
At times I think I am no good at all
I feel that I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I feel I do not have much to be proud of
I certainly feel useless at times
I feel that I'm a person of worth, at least on an equal plane with others
I wish I could have more respect for myself
All in all, I am inclined to feel that I am a failure
I take a positive attitude toward myself
I’ve been feeling optimistic about the future
I’ve been feeling useful
I’ve been feeling relaxed
I’ve been feeling interested in other people
I’ve had energy to spare
I’ve been dealing with problems well
I’ve been thinking clearly
I’ve been feeling good about myself
I’ve been feeling close to other people
I’ve been feeling confident
I’ve been able to make up my own mind about things
I’ve been feeling loved
I’ve been interested in new things
I’ve been feeling cheerful
I try to be nice to other people, I care about their feelings
I am restless, I cannot stay still for long
I get a lot of headaches, stomach aches or sickness
I usually share with others (food, games pens etc)
I get very angry and often lose my temper
I am usually on my own, I generally play alone or keep to myself
I usually do as I am told
I worry a lot
I am helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I have at least one good friend
I fight a lot. I can make other people do what I want
I am often unhappy, down hearted or tearful
Other people may age generally like me
I am easily distracted, I find it difficult to concentrate
I am nervous in new situations. I easily lose my confidence
I am kind to younger children
I am often accused of lying or cheating
Other children or young pepole pick on me or bully me
I often volunteer to help others (parents, teachers, other children)
I think before I do things
I take things that are not mine from home, school or elsewhere
I get on better with adults than with people of my own age
I have many fears, I am easily scared
I finish the work i'm doing, my attention is good
IS 1. Overall, do you think you have difficulties in one or more ot the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or getting on with other people?
If IS 1 = yes,
IS 2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS 3. Do the difficulties upset or distress you...
IS 4. Do the difficulties interfere with your everyday life in terms of your.... home life?
IS 5. Your friendships?
IS 6. Classroom learning?
IS 7. Leisure activities?
IS 8. Do the difficulties make it harder for those around you such as your family, friends and teachers?
I feel tense or 'wound up'
I feel as if I am slowed down
I still enjoy the things I used to enjoy
I get a sort of frightened feeling like butterflies in the stomach
I get a sort of frightened feeling as if something awful is about to happen
I have lost interest in my appearance
I can laugh and see the funny side of things
I feel restless as if I have to be on the move
Worrying thoughts go through my mind
I look forward with enjoyment to things
I feel cheerful
I get sudden feelings of panic
I can sit at ease and feel relaxed
I can enjoy a good book or radio or a TV programme
I am pretty sure of myself
I often wish I was someone else
Most of the time I am satisfied with the way I look
I am easy to like
I have a low opinion of myself
I am a failure
I am proud of my body
There are lots of things about myself I would like to change
I am able to do things well
I am not as good looking as most people
Most of the time I am satisfied with myself
I like myself
I feel I have a good number of qualities
If I make an effort I can always look good
When I make up my mind to do something I expect to be successful.
On the whole, I am satisfied with myself.
I wish I could have more respect for myself.
I feel I am a person of worth, at least equal to others.
I take a positive attitude towards myself.
Nowadays there seem to be a lot of problems that I can’t solve however hard I try.
I am able to do things as well as most other people.
I often feel I have little control over the things that happen to me.
All in all I am inclined to think I am a failure.
At times I think I am no good at all.
I feel I have a number of good qualities.
I certainly feel useless at times.
I feel I do not have much to be proud of.
I can achieve all my goals if I put my mind to it
In the last year, have you felt you ought to cut down on your drinking? Do not include dieting.
In the last year, have people ever annoyed you by criticising your drinking?
In the last year, have you ever felt bad or guilty about your drinking?
In the last year, have you ever had a drink first thing in the morning to steady your nerves or get rid of a hangover?
Have you ever...
Had a really terrible hangover
Felt bad or guilty about your drinking
Had a drink first thing in the morning to steady your nerves or get rid of a hangover
Felt you ought to cut down on your drinking
Been asked to leave anywhere (pub, club, disco, etc) because of drinking
Got into physical fights while drinking
Been sexually involved with someone and later regretted it because of drinking
Had an accident or injured yourself because of drinking
Been pressured to drink more than you’d really like
Have people ever annoyed you by criticising you for drinking too much
Has a doctor or anyone else ever suggested that you should cut down your drinking
I am pretty sure of myself
I often wish I was someone else
I am easy to like
I have a low opinion of myself
I am a failure
There are a lot of things about myself I would like to change
I am able to do things well
Most of the time I am satisfied with myself
I like myself
I feel I have a good number of qualities
This scale consists of a number of words that describe different feelings and emotions. Read each item and then indicate the extent you have felt this way over the past week.
a. Interested
b. Distressed
c. Excited
d. Upset
e. Strong
f. Guilty
g. Scared
h. Hostile
i. Enthusiastic
j. Proud
k. Irritable
l. Alert
m. Ashamed
n. Inspired
o. Nervous
p. Determined
q. Attentive
r. Jittery
s. Active
t. Afraid
Considerate of other people's feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still for long
Often complains of headaches, stomach aches or sickness
Shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc)
Often has temper tantrums or hot tempers
Rather solitary, tends to play alone
Generally obedient, usually does what adults request
Many worries, often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Constantly fidgeting or squirming
Has at least one good friend
Often fights with other children or bullies them
Often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted, conccentration wanders
Nervous or clingy in new situations, easily loses confidence
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others (adults, teachers or other children)
Thinks things out before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults than with other children
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span?
Overall, do you think that [CHILD] has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or getting on with other people?
If 26 = any difficulties,
How long have these difficulties been present?
How much do you think the difficulties upset or distress [CHILD]?
Have they interfered with:
How well s/he gets on with you and others at (in the) home?
Making and keeping friends?
Learning new things (or class work)?
Playing, hobbies, sports or other leisure activities
Have these problems put a burden on you or the others at (in the) home?
How well does each of these words describe you?
Defend my own beliefs
Adaptable
Affectionate
Dominant
Conscientious
Tender
Independent
Conceited
Sympathetic
Willing to take a stand
Moody
Love children
Assertive
Tactful
Sensitive to needs of others
Aggressive
Reliable
Gentle
Strong personality
Conventional
Understanding
Jealous
Forceful
Compassionate
Truthful
Have leadership abilities
Eager to sooth hurt feelings
Secretive
Willing to take risks
Warm
S/he felt miserable or unhappy
S/he didn’t enjoy anything at all
S/he felt so tired that s/he just sat around and did nothing
S/he was very restless
S/he felt s/he was no good any more
S/he cried a lot
S/he found it hard to think properly or concentrate
S/he hated herself/himself
S/he felt s/he was a bad person
S/he felt lonely
S/he thought nobody really loved her
S/he thought s/he could never be as good as other kids
S/he felt s/he did everything wrong
Considerate of other people's feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still for long
Often complains of headaches, stomach aches or sickness
Shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc)
Often has temper tantrums or hot tempers
Rather solitary, tends to play alone
Generally obedient, usually does what adults request
Many worries, often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Constantly fidgeting or squirming
Has at least one good friend
Often fights with other children or bullies them
Often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted, conccentration wanders
Nervous or clingy in new situations, easily loses confidence
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others (adults, teachers or other children)
Thinks things out before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults than with other children
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span?
Overall, do you think that [CHILD] has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or getting on with other people?
If 26 = any difficulties,
How long have these difficulties been present?
How much do you think the difficulties upset or distress [CHILD]?
Have they interfered with:
Peer relationships?
Classrom learning?
Have these problems put a burden on you or the class as a whole?
Temper tantrums or hot tempers
Argues a lot with adults
Disobedient at school
Deliberately does things to annoy others
Blames others for own mistakes
Easily annoyed by others
Angry and resentful
Spiteful
Tries to get his/her own back
Lying or cheating
Starts fights
Bullies others
Plays truant
Uses weapons when fighting
Has been physically cruel, has really hurt someone
Deliberately cruel to animals
Sets fires deliberately
Does [CHILD] steal?
Does s/he destroy things belonging to others, vandalism?
Does [CHILD] show unwanted sexualised behaviour towards others?
Has [CHILD] been in trouble with the law?
For each 18-21 = yes,
a. Please describe briefly
If any 1-21 = certainly true,
Do the difficulties upset or distress the child?
Do the difficulties interfere with the child’s everyday life in terms of his or her:
a. Peer relationships?
b. Classroom learning?
Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the class as a whole?
Do you have any further comments about this child’s awkwardness and troublesome behaviour?
If 25 = yes,
a. Please describe. If there are serious concerns in this area, please say how long the child has had these problems and what, if anything, might have triggered them.
The CIS-R is an interviewer administered structured interview schedule covering the presence of non-psychotic symptoms in the week prior to interview.
The CIS-R is an interviewer administered structured interview schedule covering non-psychotic symptoms in the week prior to interview. It can be used to provide prevalence estimates for 14 types of CMD symptoms, six types of CMD, and a continuous scale that reflects the overall severity of neurotic psychopathology.
Each section of the CIS-R assessed one type of neurotic symptom. These were:
Somatic symptoms
Fatigue
Concentration and forgetfulness
Sleep problems
Irritability
Worry about physical health
Depression
Depressive ideas
Worry
Anxiety
Phobias
Panic
Compulsions
Obsessions
Each section started with two filter questions to establish the presence of the particular symptom in the past month. A  positive response led to further questions enabling a more detailed assessment of the symptom in the past week including frequency, duration, severity, and time since onset. 
Over the past year, have there been times when you felt very happy indeed without a break for days on end?
If 1 = yes,
1a. Was there an obvious reason for this?
1b. Did people around you think it was strange or complain about it?
If 1 = yes, 1a = no and 1b = yes/unsure,
1c. Could you tell me a little bit more about that?
Over the past year, have you ever felt that your thoughts were directly interfered with or controlled by some outside force or person?
If 2 = yes,
2a. Does this come out in a way that many people would find hard to believe, for instance, telepathy?
If 2 and 2a = yes,
2b. How do you explain what happened?
Over the past year, have there been times where you felt that people were against you?
If 3 = yes,
3a. Have there been times when you felt that people were deliberately acting to harm you or your interests?
If 3 and 3a = yes,
3b. Have there been times you felt that a group of people was plotting to cause you serious harm or injury?
If 3 and 3a = yes and 3b = yes/unsure,
3c. Why do you think this was happening?
Over the past year, have there been times when you felt that something strange was going on?
If 4 = yes,
4a. Did you feel it was so strange that other people would find it very hard to believe?
If 4 = yes and 4a = yes/unsure
4b. What was going on that felt so strange?
Over the past year, have there been times when you heard or saw things that other people couldn't?
If 5 = yes,
5a. Did you hear voices saying quite a few words or sentences when there was no one around that might account for it?
If 5 = yes and 5a = yes/unsure,
5b. What did the voices say to you?
Have you ever smoked a cigarette?
If yes,
Do you smoke cigarettes at all nowadays?
If 1 and 2 = yes,
About how many cigarettes a day do you usually smoke at weekends?
About how many cigarettes do you usually smoke on weekdays?
How easy or difficult would you find it to go without smoking for a whole day?
Would you like to give up smoking altogether?
How soon after waking do you usually smoke your first cigarette?
Do you find if difficult to refrain from smoking in places where it is forbidden such as a church, the library, or cinema?
Which cigarette would you hate most to give up - the first one in the morning, or all the others?
Do you smoke more frequently during the first ours after waking than the rest of the day?
Do you smoke if you are so ill that you are in bed most of the day?
Have you avoided jobs or tasks  that involve having to deal with a lot of people?
Do you avoid getting involved with people unless you are certain they will like you?
Do you find it hard to be 'open' even with people you are close to?
Do you often worry about being criticised or rejected in social situations?
Are you usually quiet when you meet new people?
Do you believe that you're not as good, as smart, or as attractive as most other people?
Are you afraid to try new things?
Do you need a lot of advice or reassurance from others before you can make everyday decisions - like what to wear or what to order in a restaurant?
Do you depend on other people to handle important areas in your life such as finances, child care or living arrangements?
Do you find it hard to disagree with people even when you think they are wrong?
Do you find it hard to start or work on tasks when there is no one to help you?
Have you often volunteered to do things that are unpleasant?
Do you usually feel uncomfortable when you are by yourself?
When a close relationship ends, do you feel you immediately have to find someone else to take care of you?
Do you worry a lot about being left alone to take care of yourself?
Are you the kind of person who focuses on details, order and organisation or likes to make lists and schedules?
Do you have trouble finishing jobs because you spend so much time trying to get things exactly right?
Throughout your life have you or other people felt that you have been so devoted to work (or school) that you have no time left for anyone else or for just having fun?
Do you have very high standards about what is right and what is wrong?
Do you have trouble throwing thing south because they might come in handy some day?
Is it hard for you to let other people help you if they don't agree to do things exactly the way you want?
Is it hard for you to spend money on yourself and other people even when you have enough?
Are you often so sure you are right that it doesn't matter what other people say?
When someone asks you to do something that you don't want to do, do you say "yes" but then work slowly or do a bad job?
If you don't want to do something do you often just "forget" to do it?
Do you often feel that other people don't understand you, or don't appreciate how much you do?
Are you often grumpy and likely to get into arguments?
Have you found that most of your bosses, teachers, supervisors, doctors an dothers who are supposed to know what they are doing really don't?
Do you often think that it's not fair that other people have more than you do?
Do you often complain that more than your share of bad things have happened to you?
Do you often angrily refuse to do what other want and then later feel bad and apologize?
Do you usually feel unhappy or like life is no fun?
Do you believe that you are basically an inadequate person and often don't feel good about yourself?
Do you often put yourself down?
Do you keep thinking about bad things that have happened in the past or worry about bad things that might happen in the future?
Do you often judge others harshly and easily find fault with them
Do you think that most people are basically no good?
Do you almost always expect things to turn out badly?
Do you foten feel guilty about things you have or haven't done?
Do you often have to keep an eye out to stop people from using or hurting you?
Do you spend a lot of time wondering if you can trust your friends or the people you work with?
Do you find that it is best not to let people know much about you because they will use it against you?
Do you often detect hidden threats or insults in things people say or do?
Are you the kind of person who holds grudges or takes a long time to forgive people who have insulted or slighted you?
Are there many people you can't forgive because they did or said something to you a long time ago?
Do you often get angry o lash out when someone criticises or insults you in some way?
Have you often suspected that your spouse or partner has been unfaithful?
When you are out in public and see people talking, do you often feel that they are talking about you?
Do you often get the feeling that things that have no special meeting to most people are really meant to give you a message?
When you are around people do you often get the feeling that you are being watched or stared at?
Have you ever felt that you could make thing happen just by making a wish or thinking about them?
Have you had personal experiences with the supernatural?
Do you believe that you have a 'sixth sense' that allows you to know and predict things that others can't?
Do you often think that objects or shadows are really people or animals or that noises are actually people's voices?
Have you had the sense that some person or force is around you, even though you cannot see anyone?
Do you often see auras or energy fields around people?
Are there very few people that you're really close to outside of immediate family?
Do you often feel nervous when you are with other people?
Do you often have to keep an eye out to stop people from using you or hurting you?
Do you spend a lot of time wondering if you can trust your friend or the people you work with?
Do you find that it is best not to let other people know much about you because they will use it against you?
Do you often detect hidden threats or insults in things people say or do?
Have you often suspected that your spouse or partner has been unfaithful?
Are you the kind of person who doesn't think it is important to have any close relationships?
Would you almost always rather do things alone than with other people?
Could you be content without ever being sexually involved with anyone?
Are there really very few things in life that give you pleasure?
Are you the kind of person who doesn't care what people think of you?
Are you the sort of person who finds that nothing makes you very happy or very sad?
Are there very few people that you're really close to outside of your immediate family?
Do you like to be the centre of attention?
Do you flirt a lot?
Do you try to draw attention to yourself by the way you dress or look?
Do you often make a point of being dramatic or colourful?
Do you often change your mind about the things depending on the people you're with or what you have just read or seen on TV?
Do you have lots of friends that you are very close to?
Do people often fail to appreciate your very special talents or accomplishments?
Have people told you that you have too high an opinion of yourself?
Do you think a lot about the power, fame or recognition that will be yours someday?
When you have a problem, do you almost always insist on seeing the top person?
Do you feel it is important to spend time with people who are special or influential?
Is it very important to you that people pay attention to you or admire you in some way?
Do you feel that you are the kind of person who deserves special treatment?
Do you find it necessary to step on a few toes to get what you want?
Do you often have to put your needs above other people's?
Do you often expect other people to do what you ask without question because of who you are?
Are you the sort of person who is not really interested in other people's problems or feelings?
Are you often envious of others?
Do you feel that others are often envious of you?
Do you find that there are very few people that are worth your time and attention?
Have you often become frantic when you thought that someone you really cared about was going to leave you?
Do your relationships with people you really care about have lots of extreme ups and downs?
Have you all of a sudden changed your sense of who you are and where you are headed?
Does your sense of who you are often change dramatically?
Are you different with different people or in different situations so that you don't know who you really are?
Have there been lots of sudden changes in your goals, career plans, religious beliefs, and so on?
Have you often done things impulsively?
Have you tried to hurt or kill yourself or threatened to do so?
Have you ever cut, burned or scratched yourself on purpose?
Do you have a lot of sudden mood changes?
Do you often feel empty inside?
Do you often have temper outbursts or get so angry that you lose control?
Do you hit people or throw things when you get angry?
Do even little things get you very angry?
When you are under a lot of stress, do you get suspicious of other people or feel especially 'spaced out' as if you were on drugs?
Before you were 15:
Would you bully or threaten other kids?
Would you start fights?
Did you hurt or threaten someone with a weapon, like a bat, brick, broken bottle, a knife or a gun?
Did you deliberately torture someone or cause someone physical pain or suffering?
Did you torture or hurt animals on purpose?
Did you rob, mug or forcibly take something from someone by threatening him or her?
Did you force someone have sex with you, get undressed, or touch you sexually?
Did you start fires?
Did you deliberately destroy things that weren't yours?
Did you break into houses, other buildings, or cars?
Did you lie a lot or con other people?
Did you sometimes steal or shoplift things or forge someone's signature?
Did you run away and stay away overnight?
Before you were 13:
Did you often stay out very late, long after the time you were supposed to be home?
Did you often skip school?
Now thinking of the time since you were 15:
Do you often do things on the spur of the moment without thinking about how it will affect you or other people?
Has there been a period when you had no regular place to live, for at least a month or so?
Have you ever hit or thrown things at your spouse or partner?
Have you ever hit a child, yours or someone else's, so hard that he or she had bruises, or had to stay in bed or seen a doctor?
Have you been in any fights?
Have you been in a physical fight, assaulted or deliberately hit anyone in the past five years?
If 36 = yes,
36a. How many times in the last five years?
36b. Were you ever intoxicated with drink or drugs before any of these incidents?
36c. Did any of these incidents involve any of the following people?
a. Spouse or partner
b. Girlfriend or boyfriend
c. Children
d. Other family member
e. A friend
f. Someone known to you - not a family or friend
g. A stranger
h. Police
e. Other
36d. Did any of these fights or assaults occur in the following places?
a. In your home
b. In someone else's home
c. In the street - outdoors
d. In a bar or pub
e. At your workplace
f. In a hospital
g. Anywhere else
36e. Did any of the following things happen as a result of these fights or assaults?
a. You were injured
b. You saw your GP because of your injuries
c. You went to hospital because of your injuries
d. The other person(s) were injured
e. The police became involved
f. None of these things
Since you were 15:
Have you used a weapon, like a stick, knife, or gun in a fight?
Do you feel guilty or remorseful for previous behaviour such as having hurt, mistreated, or stolen from other people?
Have you done things that are against the law, even if you weren't caught?
Have you used or sold drugs?
Have you passed bad cheques?
Have you been paid for sex?
Have you ever used an alias or pretended to be someone else?
Have you often 'conned' others to get what you want?
Did you ever drive a car when you were drunk or high on drugs?
Glibness/superficial charm
Grandiose sense of self worth
Need for stimulation/proneness to boredom
Pathological lying
Conning/manipulative
Lack or remorse or guilt
Shallow affect
Callous/lack of empathy
Parasitic lifestyle
Poor behavioural controls
Promiscuous sexual behaviour
Early behavioural problems
Lack of realistic, long-term goals
Impulsivity
Irresponsibility
Failure to accept responsibility for own actions
Many short-term marital relationship
Juvenile delinquency
Revocation of conditional release
Criminal versatility
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
If 1 = monthly or more
How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have six or more drinks on one occasion?
How often during the last year have you:
Found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
Failed to do what was normally expected from you because of drinking?
Needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
Had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
Been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
 
Have you or someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?
Has a relative or friend or a doctor or another health worker been concerned about your drinking or suggested you cut down?
If 10 = yes,
a. About how old were you when somebody last commented this way about your drinking habits?
Do the following descriptions apply to you?
Generous
Outgoing, social
Nice personality
Reliable and responsible
Easy going
Good fun, good sense of humour
Caring, kind-hearted
Independent
Do you feel upset for no obvious reason?
Do you get troubled by dizziness or shortness of breath?
Have you felt as though you might  faint?
Do you feel sick or have indigestion?
Do you feel that life is too much effort?
Do you feel uneasy and restless?
Do you feel tingling or prickling sensations in your body, arms or legs?
Do you regret much of your past behaviour?
Do you sometimes feel panicky?
Do you find that you have little or no appetite?
Do you wake unusually  early in the morning
Do you worry a lot?
Do you feel tired or exhausted?
Do you experience long periods of sadness?
Do you feel strung-up  inside?
Can you get off to sleep alright?
Do you ever have the feeling you are going to pieces?
Do you often have excessive sweating or fluttering of the heart?
Do you find yourself needing to cry?
Do you have bad dreams which upset  you when you wake up?
Do you lose the ability to feel sympathy for others?
Can you think quickly?
Do you have to make a special effort to face up to a crisis or difficulty?
I have been able to laugh and see the funny side of things
I have looked forward with enjoyment to things
I have blamed myself unnecessarily when things wen wrong
I have been anxious or worried for no good reason
I have felt scared or panicky for no very good reason
Things have been getting on top of me
I have been so unhappy that I have had difficulty sleeping
I have felt sad or miserable
I have been so unhappy that I have been crying
I have thought of harming myself
In the three months before you became pregnant:
Did thinking about your shape or weight interfere with your ability to concentrate on things?
were you afraid that you might become fat?
Did you feel fat?
Did you have a strong desire to lose weight?
Did your weight influence how you thought about yourself as a person?
Did you feel dissatisfied about your weight?
Did you feel dissatisfied about your shape?
Did you feel concerned about other people seeing you eat?
Did you feel uncomfortable seeing your body in the mirror?
Did you experience a loss of control over eating?
I have been able to laugh and see the funny side of things
I have looked forward with enjoyment to things
I have blamed myself unnecessarily when things went wrong
I have been anxious or worried for no good reason
I have felt scared or panicky for no good reason
Things have been getting on top of me
I have been so unhappy that I have had difficulty sleeping
I have felt sad or miserable
I have been so unhappy that I have been crying
The thought of harming myself has occurred to me
On the whole are there more good days than bad?
I feel that I am a person of worth at least equal to others
I feel I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I feel I do not have much to be proud of
I take a positive attitude towards myself
Sometimes I think I am no good at all
I am a useful person to have around
I feel I cannot do anything right
When I do a job I do it well
I feel that my life is not very useful
I am unlucky
Tries to be fair in games
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still for long
Considerate of other people’s feelings
Constantly fidgeting or squirming
Destroys own or other’s belongings
Spontaneously affectionate to family members
Generally liked by other children
Often volunteers to help others (parents, teachers, other children)
Many worries, often seems worried
Rather solitary, tends to play alone
Irritable, quick to fly off the handle
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Has twitches, mannerisms, or tics of the face or body
Bites nails or fingers
Generally obedient, usually does what adults request
Kind to younger children
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
Fussy, over particular
Has wet or soiled self this year
Has stutter or stammer
Has other speech difficulty
Plays imaginatively, enjoys ‘pretend’ games
Inattentive
Cries easily
Forceful, determined child
Blames others for things
Shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc.)
Gives up easily
Inconsiderate of others
Independent, confident child
Kicks, bites other children
Kind to animals
Stares into space, stares blankly
Tries to stop quarrels and fights
Considerate of other people’s feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still for long
Often complains of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
Shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc.)
Often has temper tantrums or hot tempers
Rather solitary, tends to play alone
Generally obedient, usually does what adults request
Many worries, often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Constantly fidgeting or squirming
Has at least one good friend
Often fights with other children or bullies them
Often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted, concentration wanders
Nervous or clingy in new situations, easily loses confidence
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others (parents, teachers, other children)
Thinks things out before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults than with other children
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
How good would you describe her at sitting still (for a meal or story)?
How long can she concentrate on a game or task you have given her to do?
How often is she too demanding of you? (e.g. asking for help for a task she can do herself)
How often, does she whine or moan with little reason?
How often, is she unhappy for no apparent reason?
How often, if you leave the room does she want to follow you?
Please indicate the way you feel at this stage in your pregnancy.
Do you feel upset for no obvious reason?
Have you felt as though you might faint?
Do you feel uneasy and restless?
Do you sometimes feel panicky?
Do you worry a lot?
Do you feel strung-up inside?
Do you ever have the feeling you are going to pieces?
Do you have bad dreams which upset you when you wake up?
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often argumentative with adults
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Can be spiteful to others
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
[How much do the following statements apply to your study child?]
Not aware of other people's feelings
Does not realise when others are upset or angry
Does not notice the effect of her behaviour on other members of the family
Her behaviour often disrupts normal family life
Very demanding of other people's time
Difficult to reason with when upset
Does not seem to understand social skills, e.g. interrupts conversations constantly
Does not pick up on body language
Does not understand how s/he should behave when s/he is out, e.g. in shops or other people's houses
Does not realise that s/he offends people with her behaviour
Does not respond when told to do something
Cannot follow a command unless it is carefully worded
Do you have any other comments or concerns? [Specify]
I feel:
Calm
Secure
Tense
Strained
At ease
Upset
I am presently worrying over possible misfortunes
Satisfied
Frightened
Comfortable
Self-confident
Nervous
Jittery
Indecisive
Relaxed
Content
Worried
Confused
Steady
Pleasant
I feel:
Calm
Secure
Tense
Strained
At ease
Upset
I am presently worrying over possible misfortunes
Satisfied
Frightened
Comfortable
Self-confident
Nervous
Jittery
Indecisive
Relaxed
Content
Worried
Confused
Steady
Pleasant
I feel pleasant
I tire quickly
I feel like crying
I wish I could be as happy as others seem to be
I am losing out on things because I can't make up my mind soon enough
I reel rested
I am 'calm, cool and collected'
I feel that difficulties are piling up so that I cannot overcome them
I worry too much over something that doesn't really matter
I am happy
I am inclined to take things hard
I lack self-confidence
I feel secure
I try to avoid facing a crisis or difficulty
I feel blue
I am content
Some unimportant thought runs through my mind and bothers me
I take disappointment so keenly that I can't put them out of my mind
I am a steady person
I become tense and upset when I think about my present concerns
Is considerate of others' feelings
Is restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Often complains of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
Shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc.)
Is rather solitary, tends to play alone
Is generally obedient, usually does what adults request
Has many worries, often seems worried
Is helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Constantly fidgets or squirms
Has at least one good friend
Often fights with other children or bullies them
Is often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Is generally liked by other children
Is nervous or clingy in new situations, easily loses confidence
Is kind to younger children
Is picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others (parents, teachers, other children)
Thinks things out before acting
Gets on better with adults than with other children
Has many fears, is easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
Do you have any other comments or concerns?
IS 1. . Overall, to summarise, do you think that this child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people? 
If IS 1 = yes,
IS2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS3. Do the difficulties upset or distress the child?
Do the difficulties interfere with the child’s everyday life in the following areas? 
IS4. Peer relationships
IS5. Classroom learning
IS6. Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the class as a whole?
The following questions are about how you might have been feeling or acting recently.
For each statement please tell us how you have been feeling or acting in the past two weeks. 
I felt miserable or unhappy
I didn't enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired that I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good any more
I cried a lot
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never be as good as others
I did everything wrong
(Blue) Some children feel that they are very good at their school work / (Red) Other children worry about whether they can do the school work that they have been given
(Blue) Some children are often unhappy with themselves / (Red) Other children are pretty pleased with themselves
(Blue) Some children feel like they are just as clever as other children their age / (Red) Other children aren’t so sure and wonder if they are as clever
(Blue) Some children don’t like the way they are living their life / (Red) Other children do like the way they are living their life
(Blue) Some children are pretty slow in finishing their school work / (Red) Other children can do their school work quickly
(Blue) Some children are happy with themselves as a person / (Red) Other children are often not happy with themselves as a person
(Blue) Some children often forget what they learn / (Red) Other children can remember things easily
(Blue) Some children like the kind of person they are / (Red) Other children often wish they were someone else
(Blue) Some children do very well at their classwork / (Red) Other children don't do very well at their classwork
(Blue) Some children are very happy being the way they are / (Red) Other children wish they were different
(Blue) Some children have trouble working out the answers in school / (Red) Other children can almost always work out the answer
(Blue) Some children are not very happy with the way they do a lot of things / (Red) Other children think the way they do things is fine
Irritability/Negative Emotionality
Lability
Frustration tolerance
Hostility
Roughness
Resistance
Impulsivity/Distractibility
Restlessness
Impulsivity
Fleeting attention
Lacking persistence
Approach
Quick adjustment
Friendliness
Self confidence
Talkativeness
Easy separation
Smiling/laughing
Sluggishness
Self criticism
Flat affect
Passivity
Malleability
Wariness
Fearfulness
Upset by strangers
Shyness
Avoidance
Withdrawal
Inhibition
Fidgitiness
Rapport
1a. Here are pictures of 5 boys/girls. Please put a tick in the box under the drawing that is most like you.
1b. Now tick the box that you would most like to be. This can be the same one as in your answer above. 
2a. Here are some more pictures of boys/girls. They are all the same age as you. Please put a tick in the box under the drawing that you think is most like you. 
2b. Now tick the box that you would most like to be. Again, this can be the same one as you ticked in your answer to part a). 
My school is a place where:
I feel unhappy
I feel happy
I feel lonely
I feel worried
I have a lot of fun
I get upset
I feel restless
Have you ever heard voices that other people can’t hear?
a. At its worst, how upsetting did you find this?
b. How often have you heard voices that other people couldn’t hear in the past year?
Have you ever seen something or someone that other people couldn’t see?
a. At its worst, how upsetting did you find this?
b. How often have you seen something or someone that other people couldn’t see in the past year?
Have you ever thought you were being followed or spied on?
a. At its worst, how upsetting did you find this?
b. How often have you thought you were being followed or spied on in the past year?
Have you ever...
Taken Personal belongings from others without asking
Threatened/blackmailed others
Hit/beaten up others
Tricked others in a nasty way
Called others bad/nasty names
[Done] other things to upset someone (Describe other things)
Have you ever [done any of the following to those you] normally hang around with?
Said that you wouldn’t play with them just to upset them
Tried to get anyone to do something they didn't want to do / said you wouldn't be friends / tell tales if they didn't
Told lies / nasty things about anyone
Spoilt games to upset anyone
Called others bad/nasty names
[Done] Other things to upset anyone (Describe other things)
For each 1 - 12 = yes, 
a. How frequently?
b. For what reason?
I felt miserable or unhappy
I have been having fun
I didn't enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good any more
I cried a lot
I felt happy
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I enjoyed doing lots of things
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never been as good as other kids
I did everything wrong
I have had a good time
The cohort member sat in front of the computer monitor and their two index fingers were placed in two stimulus boxes, one labeled X and one labeled O. Two types of trials were performed, primary task trials and stop signal trials. 
Primary Task Trial
In this task the cohort member was asked to fixate on a small smiley face presented in the centre of the computer screen. An X or O would then be presented on the screen and the cohort member had to press the corresponding button as quickly as possible. Thirty trials were completed (15 X’s and 15 O’s). The computer calculated a mean reaction time for the task (this is used to calculate a tone delay used in subsequent trials (see below). These trials familiarized the cohort member to the task.
Stop Signal Task
This task is identical to the primary task but a bleep is heard (stop signal), randomly after the X or O appears (the go signal). If the bleep was not heard the cohort member was asked to press the corresponding button according to what was presented on screen. When the bleep was sounded the cohort member was told to refrain from pressing the response button, therefore inhibiting the stimulus response. The bleep sounded on random trials at 150 ms or 250 ms before the cohort member's reaction time (as calculated in the Primary Task Trials). This second block of trials consisted of 24 practice trials, comprising 8 primary task trials and 16 stop signal trials (five at each of the two intervals). Two further blocks of trials were completed: the experimental blocks. These blocks consisted of 48 trials total in each. 32 of these trials were without bleeps and 16 trails were with bleeps.
During the last year, did/were any of your friends...
Loud, rowdy or unruly in a public place so that people complained or they got into trouble?
Kick, punch or attack someone with the intention of really hurting them?
Steal money or property that someone was holding, carrying or wearing at the time?
Hit or pick on someone because of their race or skin colour?
Steal something from a shop or store?
Break into a house or building to steal something?
Break into a car or van to steal something?
Write or spray paint on someone's property?
Damage someone's property on purpose?
Set fire or try to set fire to something on purpose?
Ride in a stolen car, van or motorbike?
Skip or skive off school?
Travel on a bus or train without paying enough money or using someone else's pass?
Sell something that didn't belong to them or they knew was stolen?
Carry a knife or other weapon for protection or in case it was needed in a fight?
Sell an illegal drug to someone?
Hurt or injure an animal or bird on purpose?
Please could you try to describe the kind of person your child is. When answering the questions, think about how s/he has tended to feel, think, and act over the past several years.
S/e goes to extremes to prevent those s/he loves from leaving him/er
S/he either loves someone or hates them, with nothing in between
S/he often wonders who s/he really is
S/he has tried to hurt or kill himself/herself
S/he is a very moody boy/girl
S/he feels his/her life is dull and meaningless
S/he has difficulty controlling his/her anger or temper
When s/he gets stressed out, things happen, e.g. s/he gets paranoid or complains of feeling detached from himself/herself or things around him/her
How satisfied are you at the moment with...
Weight
Figure
Body Build
Stomach
Waist
Thighs
Buttocks
Hips
Legs
Face
Hair
How many drinks are necessary for you to produce...
The first noticeable effect
Slurring speech
Stumbling gait and
Falling asleep at various times
For each 1 - 4,
a) For the first five times drinking
b) For the most recent 3 months
Do you try to eat less at mealtimes than you would like to eat?
How often do you refuse food or drink offered because you are concerned about your weight?
Do you feel that you want to eat more than usual at the following times:
a) When you are irritated or cross?
b) When you have nothing to do?
c) When you are depressed or discouraged?
d) When you are feeling lonely?
e) When somebody lets you down?
f) When you are happy?
g) When something unpleasant is due to happen?
h) When you are anxious, worried or tense?
i) When things have gone wrong?
j) When you are frightened?
k) When you are disappointed?
l) When you are emotionally upset?
m) When you are bored or restless?
n) When you are excited?
If food tastes good do you eat more than usual?
If food smells and looks good do you eat more than usual?
If you see or smell something delicious do you have the desire to eat it?
If you see others eating do you also have the desire to eat?
Can you resist eating delicious foods?
Do you eat more than usual when you see others eating?
When preparing a meal are you inclined to eat something while you are preparing it?
How many times in the last year have you taken something from a shop or a store without paying for it?
How many times in the last year have you been rowdy or rude in a public place so that people complained or got into trouble?
How many times in the last year have you stolen money or other things that someone else left lying somewhere (e.g. at school or home)?
How many times in the last year have you carried a knife or weapon in case it is needed in a fight?
How many times in the last year have you deliberately damaged or destroyed property (e.g. windows, cars, or street lights)?
How many times in the last year have you broken into a locked place to steal something (e.g. from someone’s house or car)?
How many times in the last year have you written things or sprayed paint on property that did not belong to you (e.g. a car, phone box or building)?
How many times in the last year have you used force, threats or a weapon to get money or something else from somebody?
How many times in the last year have you hit, kicked or punched someone with the intention of hurting or injuring them (please do not include brothers or sisters)?
Do you enjoy many different kinds of games and activity?
Do your thoughts sometimes seem as real as actual events?
Has dancing or the idea of it always seemed dull to you?
Does nearly every thought you have immediately suggest a lot of ideas?
Is trying new foods something you have always enjoyed?
Do you sometimes feel that your accidents are caused by mysterious forces?
Are there only very few things that you have ever really enjoyed doing?
Does your voice ever seem distant or far away?
Are you too independent to get involved with other people?
Have you sometimes had the feeling of gaining or losing energy when certain people look at you or touch you?
Do you think having close friends is important?
Does a passing thought ever seem so real it frightens you?
Are you rather lively?
When you look into the mirror does your face sometimes seem quite different from usual?
Are people usually better off if they stay away from emotional involvements?
I felt miserable or unhappy
I have been having fun
I didn't enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good any more
I cried a lot
I felt happy
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate 10. I hated myself
I enjoyed doing lots of things
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never been as good as other kids 16. I did everything wrong
I have had a good time
For each item we would like you to tick how often you have used alcohol in the following situations over the past 2 years.
To forget your worries
To relax
To cheer up when you're in a bad mood
To help when you feel depressed
To help when you feel nervous
To help you when your mood changes a lot
To feel more self-confident and sure of yourself
Because there is nothing better to do
Have you ever intentionally done the following things to someone that you have been out with?
Scratched them?
Slapped them?
Kicked them?
Bent their fingers?
Pushed, grabbed or shoved them?
Threw something at them that hit them?
Hit them with your fist?
For each 1 - 8 = yes,
How many times did this happen?
Have you used any other form of violence in a romantic relationship?
If 10 = yes,
What other types of violence have you used?
How many times did this happen?
Why did you use these forms of violence?
How did you feel after you had done these things /this?
Did you tell anyone that you had done this?
If 15 = yes,
Who did you tell?
If 15 = no, 
Why not?
Did you break up because of this?
Did the relationship continue / continue dating?
Have you been in more than one romantic relationship?
Have you done similar things to other people you have dated / been in romantic relationships with?
How much do you agree with the following statements?
It's never ok to use violence to get what you want?
I try to stay away from places where violence is likely to happen?
People who use violence get respect
I could see myself committing a violent crime before I leave school
If a person hits you, you should hit them back
It's ok to beat up a person for badmouthing me or my family
It is never ok to carry a weapon if you live in a rough neighbourhood
It's ok to do whatever it takes to protect myself
It is ok to hit a date (boyfriend or girlfriend) if they deserve it
There is never a reason to hit a date (boyfriend or girlfriend)
You should break up with a boyfriend/girlfriend when they hit you
There is no excuse to threaten a girlfriend/boyfriend
It is ok to badmouth a boyfriend / girlfriend
Have you smoked cannabis before midday?
Have you smoked cannabis when you were alone?
Have you had memory problems when you smoked cannabis?
Have friends or members of your family told you that you ought to reduce your cannabis use?
Have you tried to reduce or stop your cannabis use without succeeding?
Have you had problems because of your use of cannabis (argument, fight, accident, bad result at school, etc)?
I felt miserable or unhappy
I have been having fun
I didn't enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired that I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good any more
I cried a lot
I felt happy
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I enjoyed doing lots of things
I felt I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never be as good as other kids
I felt I did everything wrong
I have had a good time
In the past 12 months, how often...
a) Have you gone back to try to win back the money you lost?
b) Have you bet more than you can really afford to lose?
c) Have you needed to gamble with larger amounts of money to get the same excitement?
d) Have you borrowed money or sold anything to get money to gamble?
e) Have you felt that you might have a problem with gambling?
f) Have you felt that gambling has caused you any health problems, including stress or anxiety?
g) Have people criticised your betting, or told you that you have a gambling problem, whether or not you thought it was true?
h) Have you felt your gambling has caused financial problems for you or your household?
i) Have you felt guilty about the way you gamble or what happens when you gamble?
At all other times (not just in the past 12 months), when you gambled and lost, how often did you go back another day to win back the money you lost?
At all other times (not just in the past 12 months):
a. How often have you found yourself thinking about gambling (that is reliving past gambling experiences, planning the next time you will play, or thinking of ways you will get more money to gamble)?
b. Have you needed to gamble with more and more money to get the excitement you are looking for?
c. Have you felt restless or irritable when trying to cut down on gambling?
d. Have you gambled to escape from problems or when you are feeling depressed, anxious or bad about yourself?
e. Have you lied to family, or others, to hide the extent of your gambling?
f. Have you made unsuccessful attempts to control, cut back or stop gambling?
g. Have you committed a crime in order to finance gambling or to pay gambling debts?
h. Have you risked or lost an important relationship, job, educational or work opportunity because of gambling?
i. Have you asked others to provide money to help with a desperate financial situation caused by gambling?
In the last 12 months have you ever gambled for money?
If 1 = yes,
How often have:
You bet more than you could really afford to lose?
You needed to gamble with larger amounts of money to get the same excitement?
You gone back to try to win back the money you'd lost?
You borrowed money or sold anything to get money to gamble?
You felt that you might have a problem with gambling?
You felt that gambling has caused you any health problems, including stress or anxiety?
People criticised your betting, or told you that you have a gambling problem, whether or not you thought it is true?
You felt your gambling has caused financial problems for you or your household?
You felt guilty about the way you gamble or what happens when you gamble?
Gambling makes me happier.
I can’t function without gambling.
Praying helps me win.
Losses when gambling, are bound to be followed by a series of wins.
Relating my winnings to my skill and ability makes me continue gambling.
Gambling makes things seem better.
It is difficult to stop gambling as I am so out of control.
Specific numbers and colours can help increase my chances of winning.
A series of losses will provide me with a learning experience that will help me win later.
Relating my losses to bad luck and bad circumstances makes me continue gambling.
Gambling makes the future brighter.
My desire to gamble is so overpowering.
I collect specific objects that help increase my chances of winning.
When I have a win once, I will definitely win again.
Relating my losses to probability makes me continue gambling.
Having a gamble helps reduce tension and stress.
I’m not strong enough to stop gambling.
I have specific rituals and behaviours that increase my chances of winning.
There are times that I feel lucky and thus, gamble those times only.
Remembering how much money I won last time makes me continue gambling.
I will never be able to stop gambling.
I have some control over predicting my gambling wins.
If I keep changing my numbers, I have less chances of winning than if I keep the same numbers every time.
I’ve been feeling optimistic about the future
I’ve been feeling useful
I’ve been feeling relaxed
I’ve been feeling interested in other people
I’ve had energy to spare
I’ve been dealing with problems well
I’ve been thinking clearly
I’ve been feeling good about myself
I’ve been feeling close to other people
I’ve been feeling confident
I’ve been able to make up my own mind about things
I’ve been feeling loved
I’ve been interested in new things
I’ve been feeling cheerful
I feel that I'm a person of worth, at least on an equal plane with others
I feel that I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I feel that I do not have much to be proud of
I take a positive attitude towards myself
I think I am no good at all
I am a useful person to have around
I feel I can't do anything right
When I do a job, I do it well
I feel that my life is not very useful
I feel that I am a person of worth at least equal to others
I feel I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I feel I do not have much to be proud of
I take a positive attitude towards myself
Sometimes I think I am no good at all
I am a useful person to have around
I feel I cannot do anything right
When I do a job I do it well
I feel that my life is not very useful
Impairment (mental health problems)
During the past 4 weeks, have you had any of the following problems with your work or other daily activities as a result of any emotional problems (such as feeling depressed or anxious):
Cut down the amount of time you spent on work or other activities?
Accomplished less than you would like?
Not done your work or other activities as carefully as usual?
Mental health
Did you feel full of life?
Have  you been a very nervous person?
Have you felt so down in the dumps that nothing could cheer you up?
Have you felt calm and cheerful?
Did you have a lot of energy?
Have you felt downhearted and low?
Did you feel worn out?
Have you been a happy person?
Did you feel tired?
Has your health limited your social activities (like visiting friends or close relatives)?
Social functioning
During the past 4 weeks, to what extent has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with your normal social activities with family, friends, neighbours or groups?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
If 1 = any drinking
How many drinks containing alcohol do you have in a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have six or more drinks on any one occasion?
How often during the last year have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you have started?
How often during the last year have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of drinking?
How often during the last year have you needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
How often during the last year have you had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
How often during the last year have you been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
Have you or someone else been injured because of your drinking?
Has a relative, friend, doctor or other health worker been concerned about your drinking of suggested that you should cut down?
How soon after you wake up do you smoke your first cigarette?
Which cigarette would you most hate to give up?
Do you smoke more frequently in the first hours after waking up than during the rest of the day?
Do you find it difficult to stop smoking in no-smoking areas?
Do you still smoke even when you are ill most of the day, or if you have a cold or the flu, and have trouble breathing?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many units of alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have six or more units on one occasion?
How often during the past year have you:
Found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
Failed to do what was normally expected of you because of drinking?
Needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a drinking session?
Had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
Been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
 
Have you or has someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?
Has a relative/friend/health worker been concerned about your drinking/suggested you cut down?
In most ways my life is close to my ideal.
The conditions of my life are excellent.
I am satisfied with my life.
So far I have gotten the important things I want in life.
If I could live my life over, I would change almost nothing.
How often during the past year have you spent a great deal of your day drinking alcohol?
How often during the past year have you set a limit on how much you'd drink but drank more?
How often during the past year have you felt you needed to stop drinking or cut back on your drinking?
How often during the past year have you continued to drink even though it was causing you problems?
How often during the past year have you been unable to keep up with studies, sports, or a job because of drinking?
How often during the past year have you needed to drink more alcohol than you used to in order to feel any effect?
How often during the past year have you got into physical fights when you've been drinking?
How often during the past year have you had a problem with the police because you've been drinking?
How often in the past year did you have the shakes when you cut down or stopped drinking (that is, your hands shook so much that other people would have been able to notice it?)
How often in the past year, after drinking for a few hours or more, did you drink to keep from getting the shakes or getting sick?
How many cigarettes do you smoke per day, on average?
How soon after you wake up do you have your first cigarette?
Do you find it difficult to refrain from smoking in places where it is forbidden (e.g. in church, at the library, at the cinema)?
Do you smoke more frequently during the first hours after waking than during the rest of the day?
Do you smoke if you are so ill that you are in bed most of the day?
Which cigarette would you hate most to give up?
I don't want other people to know when I feel afraid
When I cannot keep my mind on my schoolwork, I worry that I might be going crazy
It scares me when I feel "shaky"
It scares me when I feel like I am going to faint
It is important for me to stay in control of my feelings
It scares me when my heart beats fast
I feel embarrassed when my stomach rumbles or makes noise
It scares me when I feel like I am going to throw up
When I notice that my heart is beating fast, I worry that there might be something wrong with me
It scares me when I have trouble getting my breath
When my stomach hurts, I worry that I might be really ill
It scares me when I cannot concentrate on my schoolwork
Others my age can tell when I feel shaky
Unusual feelings in my body scare me
When I am afraid, I worry that I might be crazy
I get scared when I feel nervous
I don't like to let my feelings show
Funny feelings in my body scare me
Thinking about the past month, did your anxiety or tension ever get so bad that you got in a panic, for instance make you feel that you might collapse or lose control unless you did something about it?
How many panic attacks like this have you had in the past month?
Do these panics start suddenly so you are at maximum anxiety within a few minutes?
During your worst panic attack in the past month...
a. Did you have shortness of breath or difficulty breathing?
b. Did you feel dizzy, unsteady, light-headed or like you might faint?
c. Did your heart beat harder or speed up?
d. Were you trembling or shaking?
e. Did you have sweaty or clammy hands?
f. Did you have a choking sensation?
g. Did you have pain, pressure or discomfort in your chest?
h. Did you have nausea (feeling as though you were going to vomit) or stomach ache?
i. Did things around you feel strange, unreal or detached OR did you feel outside or detached from yourself?
j. Did you have tingling or numbness in parts of your body? 
k. Did you have hot flushes or chills? 
l. Did you fear that you were dying? 
m. Did you fear that you were losing control or going crazy?
How are you feeling today compared to your usual state?
Compared to other people my level of activity, energy and mood…
Please try to remember a period when you were in a "high" state (not related to recreational drug use). Please answer all of these statements independently of how you feel today. In such a state:
a. I need less sleep
b. I feel more energetic and more active
c. I am more self-confident
d. I enjoy my work more
e. I am more sociable (make more phone calls, go out more
f. I want to travel and/or do travel more
g. I tend to drive faster or take more risks when driving
h. I spend more money/too much money
i. I take more risks in my daily life (in my work and/or other activities)
j. I am physically more active (sport etc.)
k. I plan more activities or projects
l. I have more ideas, I am more creative
m. I am less shy or inhibited
n. I wear more colourful and more extravagant clothes/make-up
o. I want to meet or actually do meet more people
p. I am more interested in sex,
q. I am more flirtatious and/or am more sexually active
r. I talk more
s. I think faster
t. I make more jokes or puns when I am talking
u. I am more easily distracted
v. I engage in lots of new things
w. My thoughts jump from topic to topic
x. I do things more quickly and/or more easily.
y. I am more impatient and/or get irritable more easily
z. I can be exhausting or irritating for others
za. I get into more quarrels
zb. My mood is higher, more optimistic
zc. I drink more coffee
zd. I smoke more cigarettes
ze. I drink more alcohol
zf. I take more drugs (sedatives, anxiolytics, stimulants…)
What is the impact of your "highs" on various aspects of your life?
a. Family life
b. Social life
c. Work
d. Leisure
How do people close to you react to or comment on your "highs"?
Length of your "highs" as a rule (on average):
Have you experienced such "highs" in the past twelve months?
If 7 = yes, 
Please estimate how many days you spent in "highs" during the last twelve month.
Overall, how happy did you feel yesterday?
Overall, how anxious did you feel yesterday?
Overall, how satisfied are you with your life nowadays?
To what extent do you feel the things you do in your life are worthwhile?
In general, I consider myself:
Compared with most of my peers, I consider myself:
Some people are generally very happy. They enjoy life regardless of what is going on, getting the most out of everything. To what extent does this characterisation describe you?
Some people are generally not very happy. Although they are not depressed, they never seem as happy as they might be. To what extent does this characterisation describe you?
I understand my life’s meaning.
I am looking for something that makes my life feel meaningful.
I am always looking to find my life’s purpose.
My life has a clear sense of purpose.
I have a good sense of what makes my life meaningful.
I have discovered a satisfying life purpose.
I am always searching for something that makes my life feel significant.
I am seeking a purpose or mission for my life.
My life has no clear purpose.
I am searching for meaning in my life.
Please read each of the following items carefully, thinking about how it relates to your life, and then indicate how true it is for you.
a. I feel like I am free to decide for myself how to live my life
b. I really like the people I interact with
c. Often, I do not feel very competent
d. I feel pressured in my life
e. People I know tell me I am good at what I do
f. I get along with people I come into contact with
g. I pretty much keep to myself and don't have a lot of social contacts
h. I generally feel free to express my ideas and opinions
i. I consider the people I regularly interact with to be my friends
j. I have been able to learn interesting new skills recently
k. In my daily life, I frequently have to do what I am told
l. People in my life care about me
m. Most days I feel a sense of accomplishment from what I do
n. People I interact with on a daily basis tend to take my feelings into consideration
o. In my life I do not get much of a chance to show how capable I am
p. There are not many people that I am close to
q. I feel like I can pretty much be myself in my daily situations
r. The people I interact with regularly do not seem to like me much
s. I often do not feel capable
t. There is not much opportunity for
me to decide for myself how to do things in my daily life
u. People are generally pretty friendly towards me
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statements?
I have so much in life to be thankful for
If I had to list everything that I felt grateful for, it would be a very long list
When I look at the world, I don't see much to be grateful for
I am grateful to a wide variety of people
As I get older, I find myself more able to appreciate the people, events and situations that have been part of my life history
Long amounts of time can go by before I feel grateful to something or someone
a. Have you felt that you are not much of a talker when you are chatting with other people?
b. Have you felt that you experience few or no emotions at important events, such as on your birthday?
c. Have you felt that you are lacking in motivation when you have to do things?
d. Have you felt that you are spending all your days doing nothing?
e. Have you felt that you are lacking in 'get up and go'?
f. Have you felt that you have only few hobbies or interests?
g. Have you felt that you have no interest to be with other people?
h. Have you felt that you are not a very lively person?
i. Have you felt that you are neglecting your appearance or personal hygiene?
j. Have you felt that you can never get things done?
Below is a list of problems and complaints that people sometimes have in response to such stressful life experiences. Please read each one carefully, then cross one of the circles to the right to indicate how much you have been bothered by that problem in the past month in relation to the worst traumatic event that has happened to you. In the past month, how much were you bothered by:
a. Repeated, disturbing and unwanted memories of the stressful experience?
b. Repeated, disturbing dreams of the stressful experience?
c. Suddenly feeling or acting as if the stressful experience were actually happening again (as if you were actually back there, reliving it)?
d. Feeling very upset when something reminded you of the stressful experience?
e. Having strong physical reactions when something reminded you of the stressful experience (e.g. heart pounding, trouble breathing, sweating)?
f. Avoiding memories, thoughts, or feelings related to the stressful experience?
g. Avoiding external reminders of the stressful experience (e.g. people, places, conversations, activities, objects or situations)?
h. Trouble remembering important parts of the stressful experience?
i. Having strong negative beliefs about yourself, other people or the world (e.g. having thoughts such as: I am bad; there is something seriously wrong with me; no one can be trusted; the world is completely dangerous)?
j. Blaming yourself or someone else strongly for the stressful experience or what happened after it?
k. Having strong negative feelings such as fear, horror, anger, guilt or shame?
l. Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy?
m. Feeling distant or cut off from other people?
n. Trouble experiencing positive feelings (e.g., being unable to feel happiness or have loving feelings for people close to you)?
o. Irritable behaviour, angry outbursts, or acting aggressively?
p. Taking too many risks or doing things that could cause you harm?
q. Being “super alert” or watchful or on guard?
r. Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
s. Having difficulty concentrating?
t. Trouble falling or staying asleep?
I take things too literally, and because of that I misinterpret the intended meanings of parts of a conversation.
I am awkward in turn-taking interactions with others (for example I have a hard time keeping up with the give and take of a conversation).
When people change their tone or facial expression, I usually pick up on that and understand what it means.
I avoid eye contact or am told that I have unusual eye contact.
I have difficulty making friends, even when trying my best.
I have more difficulty than others with changes in my routine.
I avoid starting social interactions with other adults.
I am regarded by others as odd or weird.
I have trouble keeping up the flow of a normal conversation.
I have difficulty relating to adults outside of my family.
People think I am interested in too few topics, or that I get too carried away with those few topics
I have difficulty answering questions directly and end up talking around the subject.
I tend to talk in a monotone voice (in other words, my voice doesn't go up and down when I talk).
I concentrate too much on parts of things rather than seeing the whole picture.
I tend to be inflexible.
When I tell someone my reason for doing something, it strikes the person as unusual or illogical.
My way of greeting another person is unusual.
I am much more tense in social settings than when I am by myself.
I get upset if objects are not arranged properly.
I feel I have to repeat certain numbers.
I sometimes have to wash or clean myself simply because I feel contaminated or dirty.
I repeatedly check gas and water taps and light switches after turning them off.
I am upset by unpleasant thoughts that come into my mind against my will.
Have you ever hurt yourself on purpose in any way (e.g. by taking an overdose of pills or by cutting yourself)?
If 1 = yes, 
How many times have you done this in the last year?
Have you ever hurt yourself on purpose (e.g. by taking an overdose of pills or by cutting yourself), without intending to kill yourself?
If 3 = yes,
When was the last time you hurt yourself on purpose, without intending to kill yourself?
On any of the occasions you have hurt yourself on purpose, have you ever seriously wanted to kill yourself?
If 5 = yes,
When was the last time you hurt yourself on purpose and you seriously wanted to kill yourself?
In your lifetime, do any of the following reasons help to explain why you hurt yourself?
a. I wanted to show how desperate I was feeling
b. I wanted to die
c. I wanted to punish myself
d. I wanted to frighten someone
e. I wanted to get relief from a terrible state of mind
f. Some other reason (please say what)
Have you ever thought of killing yourself, even if you would not really do it?
If 8 = yes, 
When was the last time you felt like this?
I try to be nice to other people. I care about their feelings
I am restless, I find it hard to sit down for long
I get a lot of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
I usually share with others, for example food or drink
I get very angry and often lose my temper
I would rather be alone than with other people
I am generally willing to do what other people want
I worry a lot
I am helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I have at least one good friend
I fight a lot. I can make other people do what I want
I am often unhappy, depressed or tearful
Other people generally like me
I am easily distracted, I find it difficult to concentrate
I am nervous in new situations, I easily lose confidence
I am kind to children
I am often accused of lying or cheating
Other people pick on me or bully me
I often offer to help others (family members, friends, colleagues)
I think before I do things
I take things that are not mine from home, work or elsewhere
I get along better with older people than with people of my own age
I have many fears, I am easily scared
I finish the work I'm doing, my attention is good
Please select the answer that best describes your behaviour when you were a child, between 7 and 12 years of age. We know this was a long time ago, but please think back as best you can.
a. Failed to give close attention to details or made careless mistakes in my work
b. Fidgeted with hands or feet or squirmed in seat
c. Had difficulty sustaining my attention in tasks or fun activities
d. Left my seat in classroom or other situations in which sitting was expected
e. Didn't listen when spoken to directly
f. Restless in the "squirmy" sense
g. Didn't follow through on instructions and failed to finish work
h. Had difficulty engaging in leisure activities or doing fun things quietly
i. Had difficulty organising tasks and activities
j. Felt "on the go" or acted as if "driven by a motor"
k. Avoided, disliked or was reluctant to engage in work that required sustained mental effort
l. Talked excessively
m. Lost things necessary for tasks or activities
n. Blurted out answers before questions had been completed
o. Easily distracted
p. Had difficulty awaiting turn
q. Forgetful in daily activities
r. Interrupted or intruded on others
To what extent did any problems you may have crossed on the previous page interfere with your ability to function in the following areas of life activities when you were a child between 7 and 12 years of age?
a. In your home life with your immediate family
b. In your social interactions with other children
c. In your activities or dealings in the community
d. In school
e. In sports, clubs or other organisations
f. In learning to take care of yourself
g. In your play, leisure or recreational activities
h. In your handling of your daily chores or other responsibilities
Please select the answer that best describes your behaviour during the past 6 months.
a. Fail to give close attention to details or make careless mistakes in my work
b. Fidget with hands or feet or squirm in seat
c. Have difficulty sustaining my attention in tasks or fun activities
d. Leave my seat in situations in which sitting is expected
e. Don't listen when spoken to directly
f. Feel restless
g. Don't follow through on instructions and fail to finish work
h. Have difficulty engaging in leisure activities or doing fun things quietly
i. Have difficulty organising tasks and activities
j. Feel "on the go" or "driven by a motor"
k. Avoid, dislike or am reluctant to engage in work that requires sustained mental effort
l. Talk excessively
m. Lose things necessary for tasks or activities
n. Blurt out answers before questions have been completed
o. Easily distracted
p. Have difficulty awaiting turn
q. Forgetful in daily activities
r. Interrupt or intrude on others
If you indicated that you experienced problems with attention, concentration, impulsiveness or hyperactivity above. Please tell us as precisely as you can recall at what age these problems began to occur for you.
To what extent have the problems you may have identified above, and on the previous page, interfered with your ability to function in the following areas of life activities during the past 6 months?
In the last 6 months, and compared to other people of the same age, how well do each of the following statements describe your behaviour/feelings?
I am easily annoyed by others
I often lose my temper
I stay angry for a long time
I am angry most of the time
I get angry frequently
I lose my temper easily
Overall, my irritability causes me problems
When I smell something delicious I find it very difficult to keep from eating, even if I have just finished a meal
I usually eat too much at social occasions, like parties and picnics
When I have eaten my quota of calories I am usually good about not eating any more
I deliberately take small helpings as a means of controlling my weight
Sometimes things taste so good that I keep on eating even when I am no longer hungry
When I am anxious I find myself eating
Since my weight goes up and down I have gone on weight-reducing diets more than once
When I am with someone who is overeating I usually overeat too
I have a pretty good idea of the number of calories in common food
Sometimes when I start eating I just can't seem to stop
It is not difficult for me to leave something on my plate
While on a diet, if I eat food that is not allowed, I consciously eat less for a period of time to make up for it
When I feel fed up I often overeat
My weight has hardly changed at all in the last 5 years
When I feel lonely I console myself by eating
I consciously hold back at meals in order not to gain weight
Without even thinking about it, I take a long time to eat
I count calories as a conscious means of controlling my weight
I pay a great deal of attention to changes in my figure
While on a diet, if I eat a food that is not allowed, I often then splurge and eat other high calorie foods.
How often are you dieting in a conscious effort to control your weight?
Would a weight fluctuation of five pounds (5 lbs.) affect the way you live your life?
Do your feelings of guilt about overeating help you to control your food intake?
How conscious are you of what you are eating?
How frequently do you avoid "stocking up" on tempting foods?
How likely are you to shop for low calorie foods?
Do you eat sensibly in front of others and splurge alone?
How likely are you to consciously eat less than you want?
Do you go on eating binges though you are not hungry?
To what extent does this statement describe your eating behaviour: 'I start dieting in the morning, but because of any number of things that happen during the day, by evening I have given up and eat what I want, promising myself to start dieting again tomorrow'?
[Please select the answer that best describes the behaviour of your child when they were a child, between 7 and 12 years of age]
a. Failed to give close attention to details or made careless mistakes in work
b. Fidgeted with hands or feet or squirmed in seat
c. Had difficulty sustaining attention in tasks or fun activities
d. Left seat in classroom or other situations in which sitting was expected
e. Didn't listen when spoken to directly
f. Restless in the "squirmy" sense
g. Didn't follow through on instructions and failed to finish work
h. Had difficulty engaging in leisure activities or doing fun things quietly
i. Had difficulty organising tasks and activities
j. Was "on the go all the time" or acted as if "driven by a motor"
k. Avoided, disliked or was reluctant to engage in work that required sustained mental effort
l. Talked excessively
m. Lost things necessary for tasks or activities
n. Blurted out answers before questions had been completed
o. Easily distracted
p. Had difficulty awaiting turn
q. Forgetful in daily activities
r. Interrupted or intruded on others
Please select the answer that best describes the behaviour of your child during the past 6 months?
a. Failed to give close attention to details or made careless mistakes in work
b. Fidgeted with hands or feet or squirmed in seat
c. Had difficulty sustaining attention in tasks or fun activities
d. Left seat in classroom or other situations in which sitting was expected
e. Didn't listen when spoken to directly
f. Restless in the "squirmy" sense
g. Didn't follow through on instructions and failed to finish work
h. Had difficulty engaging in leisure activities or doing fun things quietly
i. Had difficulty organising tasks and activities
j. Was "on the go all the time" or acted as if "driven by a motor"
k. Avoided, disliked or was reluctant to engage in work that required sustained mental effort
l. Talked excessively
m. Lost things necessary for tasks or activities
n. Blurted out answers before questions had been completed
o. Easily distracted
p. Had difficulty awaiting turn
q. Forgetful in daily activities
r. Interrupted or intruded on others
If you indicated in questions A2 or A4 on the previous pages that your child has experienced problems with attention, concentration, impulsiveness or hyperactivity, please tell us as precisely as you can recall at what age these problems began to occur for them.
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problems?
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge?
Not being able to stop or control worrying
People feel more caring and giving after a few drinks of alcohol.
Drinking alcohol is OK because it allows people to join in with others who are having fun.
Alcoholic beverages make parties more fun.
A person can do things better after a few drinks of alcohol.
People understand things better when they are drinking alcohol.
People can control their anger better when they are drinking alcohol.
I find that conversing with members of the opposite sex is easier for me after I have had a few drinks.
Alcohol makes people feel more romantic.
People become more attractive after alcohol.
Alcohol increases arousal/makes people feel stronger.
Alcohol makes it easier to stand up for what one thinks is right
It is easier to speak in front of a group of people after a few drinks of alcohol.
How many times in the last 12 months have you:
Been rowdy or rude in a public place so that people complained or you got in trouble?
Stolen something from a shop or store?
Bought something that you knew or suspected was stolen?
Broken into a car or van to try and steal something out of it?
Taken and/or driven a vehicle without the owner's permission?
Broken into a house or building to try and steal something?
Stolen any money or property that someone was holding, carrying or wearing at the time?
On how many of those occasions where you stole money or property did you use threats or actual force or violence against the other person?
Did you use threats or actual force or violence against the other person?
Hit, kicked or punched someone else on purpose with the intention of really hurting them?
Deliberately damaged or destroyed property that did not belong to you?
Carried a knife or other weapon with you for protection or in case it was needed for a fight?
Used a cheque book, credit card or cash point card which you knew or suspected to be stolen to get money out of a bank account or to purchase something?
Sold an illegal drug to someone?
Sold something that didn't belong to you or that you knew was stolen?
Set fire or try to set fire to something on purpose (e.g. a school, bus shelter, house etc)?
Claimed social security benefits or housing benefits that you knew you weren't entitled to?
Threatened or bullied somebody by phone, email, text-messaging, social media or internet forum?
For each 1 - 18 = yes, 
a. Were you under the influence of alcohol when you did this?
In general, do you have difficulty making and keeping friends?
Would you normally describe yourself as a loner?
In general, do you trust other people?
Do you normally lose your temper easily?
Are you normally an impulsive sort of person?
Are you normally a worrier?
In general, do you depend on others a lot?
In general, are you a perfectionist?
Have you felt that you are not much of a talker when you are chatting with other people?
Have you felt that you experience few or no emotions at important events, such as on your birthday?
Have you felt that you are lacking in motivation when you have to do things?
Have you felt that you are spending all your days doing nothing?
Have you felt that you are lacking 'get up and go'?
Have you felt that you have only a few hobbies or interests?
Have you felt that you have no interest to be with other people?
Have you felt that you are not a very lively person?
Have you felt that you are neglecting your appearance or personal hygiene?
Have you felt that you can never get things done?
Please rate how much you have been bothered by these problems IN THE PAST MONTH in relation to the most stressful experience that has happened to you.
Repeated, disturbing, and unwanted memories of the stressful experience? Feeling very upset when something reminded you of the stressful experience?
Having upsetting dreams that replay part of the experience or are clearly related to the experience?
Having powerful images or memories that sometimes come into your mind in which you feel the experience is happening again in the here and now, even if only for a moment?
Avoiding internal reminders of the experience (for example, thoughts, feelings or physical sensations)?
Avoiding external reminders of the experience (for example, people, places, conversations, activities, objects, or situations)?
Feeling distant or cut off from other people? Feeling irritable or angry or acting aggressively? Being “superalert” or watchful or on guard? Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problems?
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
Feeling down, depressed or hopeless
I get upset if objects are not arranged properly.
I feel I have to repeat certain numbers.
I sometimes have to wash or clean myself simply because I feel contaminated.
I am upset by unpleasant thoughts that come into my mind against my will.
I repeatedly check gas and water taps and light switches after turning them off.
In the last month, how often have you: 
Been upset because of something that happened unexpectedly?
Felt that you were unable to control the important things in your life?
Felt nervous and "stressed"?
Felt confident about your ability to handle your personal problems?
Felt that things were going your way?
Found that you could not cope with all the things that you had to do?
Been able to control irritations in your life?
Felt that you were on top of things?
Have you been angered because of things that were outside of your control?
Have you felt difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them?
How often is your child's behaviour like the behaviour given below?
. S/he tends to be shy
S/he cries easily
S/he likes to be with people
S/he is always on the go
S/he prefers playing with others rather than alone
S/he tends to be somewhat emotional
When she moves about s/he tends to move slowly
S/he makes friends easily
S/he is off and running as soon as s/he wakes up in the morning
S/he finds people more stimulating than anything else
S/he often fusses and cries
S/he is very sociable
S/he is very energetic
S/he takes a long time to warm up to strangers
S/he gets upset easily
S/he is something of a loner
S/he prefers quiet inactive games to more active ones
When alone s/he feels isolated
S/he reacts intensely when upset
S/he is very friendly with strangers
For each statement, please indicate which response best applies to you.
I can see how it would be interesting to marry someone from a foreign country
When the water is very cold, I prefer not to swim, even if it is a hot day
If I have to wait in a long line I'm usually patient about it
When I listen to music I like it to be loud
When taking a trip I think it is best to make as few plans as possible and just take it as it comes
I stay away from movies that are said to be frightening or highly suspenseful
I think it's fun and exciting to perform or speak in front of a group
If I were to go to an amusement park I would prefer to ride the rollercoaster or other fast rides
I would like to travel to places that are strange and far away
I would never like to gamble with money, even if I could afford it
I would have enjoyed being one of the first explorers of an unknown land
I like a movie where there are a lot of explosions and car chases
I don't like extremely hot and spicy foods
In general, I work better when I'm under pressure
I often like to have the radio or TV on while I'm doing something else, such as reading or cleaning up
It would be interesting to see a car accident happen
I think it's best to order something familiar when eating in a restaurant
I like the feeling of standing next to the edge on a high place and looking down
If it were possible to visit another planet or the moon for free I would be among the first in line to sign up
I can see how it must be exciting to be in a battle during a war
Do you feel that wishing can make good things happen?
Are people nice to you no matter what you do?
Do you usually do badly in your school work even when you try hard?
When a friend is angry with you is it hard to make that friend like you again?
Are you surprised when your teacher praises you for your work?
When bad things happen to you is it usually someone else's fault?
Is doing well in your class-work just a matter of 'luck' for you?
Are you often blamed for things that just aren't your fault?
When you get into an argument or fight is it usually the other person's fault?
Do you think that preparing for tests is a waste of time?
When nice things happen to you is it usually because of 'luck'?
Does planning ahead make good things happen?
Over 1800 possible items
"A standardised guide to psychiatric, medical, social and developmental history taking, with suggested probes and instructions for rating." (Jablensky 1992)
Current mental state
Lifetime diagnosis
Time to remission
Usual symptom severity
Negative symptoms for 6+ months
Illness course type (episodic, continuous, neither)
Number of admissions
Number of community contacts
Number of involuntary admissions
Total amount of time in hospital
Proportion of time in hospital
Average length of hospital admission
to 100 scale where 1-10 indicates severe impairment or persistent danger of severely harming self or others, and 91-100 indicates no symptoms and superior functioning in a wide range of activities. See file
Unchanged facial expression
Decreased spontaneous movements
Paucity of expressive gestures
Poor eye contact
Affective nonresponsiveness
Inappropriate affect
Lack of vocal inflections
Global rating of affective flattening
Poverty of speech
Poverty of content of speech
Blocking
Increased latency of response
Global rating of alogia
Grooming and hygiene
Impersistence at work or school
Physical anergia
Global rating of avolition, apathy
Recreational interests and activities
Sexual activity
Ability to feel intimacy and closeness
Relationships with friends and peers
Global rating of anhedonia, asociality
Social inattentiveness
Inattentiveness during mental status testing
Global rating of attention
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much
Feeling tired or having little energy
Poor appetite or overeating
Feeling bad about yourself, or that you are a failure, or have let yourself or your family down
Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television
Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite – being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual
If any 1-8 = yes,
How difficult have these problems made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people?
Over the past two weeks: 
I have thought about, or been preoccupied with the baby inside me:
When I have spoken about, or thought about the baby inside me I got emotional feelings which were:
My feelings about the baby inside me have been:
I have had the desire to read about or get information about the developing baby. This desire is:
I have been trying to picture in my mind what the developing baby actually looks like in my womb:
I think of the developing baby mostly as:
I have felt that the baby inside me is dependent on me for its well-being:
I have found myself talking to my baby when I am alone
I think about (or talk to) my baby inside me, my thoughts:
The picture in my mind of what the baby at this stage actually looks like inside the womb is:
When I think about the baby inside me I get feelings which are:
I have felt:
I have taken care with what I eat to make sure the baby gets a good diet:
When I first see my baby after the birth I expect I will feel:
When my baby is born I would like to hold the baby:
Over the past two weeks I have had dreams about the pregnancy or baby:
Over the past two weeks I have found myself feeling, or rubbing with my hand, the outside of my stomach where the baby is:
Over the past two weeks when I think about the developing baby I get feelings which are…
Over the last 2 weeks, on how many days have you been bothered by any of the following problems?
Feeling nervous, anxious or on edge
Not being able to stop or control worrying
Worrying too much about different things
Trouble relaxing
Being so restless that it is hard to sit still
Becoming easily annoyed or irritable
Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen
Feeling optimistic about the future
Feeling useful
Feeling relaxed
Dealing with problems well
Thinking clearly
Feeling close to other people
Able to make up my own mind about things
Under each heading, please tick the one box that best describes your health today:
Mobility
Self-care
Usual activities (e.g. work, study, housework, family or leisure activities)
Pain/discomfort
Anxiety/depression
Often complains of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
Many worries, often seems worried
Often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
Nervous or clingy in new situations, easily loses confidence
Many fears, easily scared
IS 1. Overall, do you think that this child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
IS 2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS 3. Do the difficulties upset or distress your child?
IS 4. Do the difficulties interfere with your child everyday life in the following areas?
A. Home life
B. Friendships
C. Learning
D. Leisure activities
IS 5. Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the family as a whole?
Do you often have backache?
Do you often feel tired most of the time?
Do you often feel depressed?
Do you often have bad headaches?
Do you often get worried about things?
Do you usually have great difficulty in falling or staying asleep?
Do you usually wake unnecessarily early in the morning?
Do you wear yourself out worrying about your health?
Do you often get into a violent rage?
Do people annoy and irritate you?
Have you at times had a twitching of the face, head or shoulders?
Do you suddenly become scared for no good reason?
Are you scared to be alone when there are not friends near you?
Are you easily upset or irritated?
Are you frightened of going out alone or of meeting people?
Are you constantly keyed up and  jittery?
Do you suffer from indigestion?
Do you suffer from an upset stomach?
Is your appetite poor?
Does every little thing get on your nerves and wear you out?
Does your heart often race like mad?
Do you often have bad pain in eyes?
Are you troubled with rheumatism or fibrosis?
Have you ever had a nervous breakdown?
Very restless. Often running about or jumping up and down. Hardly ever still.
Is squirmy, fidgety
Often destroys others or own belongings
Frequently fights with others
Not much liked by others
Often worried, worries about many things
Tends to do things on own, rather solitary
Irritable. Is quick to fly off the handle
Often appears miserable, unhappy, tearful or distressed
Sometimes takes things belonging to others
Has twitches, mannerisms or tics of the face and body
Frequently sucks thumb or fingers
Frequently bites nails or fingers
Is often disobedient
Cannot settle to anything for more than a few moments
Tends to be fearful or afraid of new things or new situations
Is fussy or over particular
Often tells lies
Bullies others
Is noticeably clumsy
Trips or falls easily or bumps into objects or other children
Inattentive, easily distracted
Hums or makes other odd noises at inappropriate times
Has difficulty picking up small objects
Drops things which are being carried
Becomes obsessional about unimportant things
Requests must be met immediately, easily frustrated
Shows restless or overactive behaviour
Is impulsive, excitable
Interferes with the activity of other children
Is sullen or sulky
Fails to finish things he/ she starts, short attention span
Given to rhythmic tapping or kicking
Cries for little cause
Changes mood quickly and drastically
Displays outbursts of temper, explosive or unpredictable behaviour
Has difficulty using scissors
Has difficulty concentrating on any particular task though may return to it frequently
item scale including items from the Conners and Rutter teacher behaviour scale (and the Swansea Assessment Battery, and questions suggested by specialists in different fields)
Do you often have backache?
Do you often feel tired most of the time?
Do you often feel depressed?
Do you often have bad headaches?
Do you often get worried about things?
Do you usually have great difficulty in falling or staying asleep?
Do you usually wake unnecessarily early in the morning?
Do you wear yourself out worrying about your health?
Do you often get into a violent rage?
Do people annoy and irritate you?
Have you at times had a twitching of the face, head or shoulders?
Do you suddenly become scared for no good reason?
Are you scared to be alone when there are not friends near you?
Are you easily upset or irritated?
Are you frightened of going out alone or of meeting people?
Are you constantly keyed up and  jittery?
Do you suffer from indigestion?
Do you suffer from an upset stomach?
Is your appetite poor?
Does every little thing get on your nerves and wear you out?
Does your heart often race like mad?
Do you often have bad pain in eyes?
Have you recently:
Been able to concentrate on whatever you're doing?
Lost much sleep over worry?
Felt that you were playing a useful part in things?
Felt capable of making decisions about things?
Felt constantly under staring?
Felt you couldn't overcome your difficulties?
Been able to enjoy your normal day-to-day activities?
Been able to face up to your problems?
Been feeling unhappy and depressed?
Been losing confidence in yourself?
Been thinking of yourself as a worthless person?
Been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?
Have you ever felt that you ought to cut down on your drinking?
If 1 = yes, 
a. Have you felt this in the last year?
Ask all,
Have people annoyed you by criticising your drinking?
If 2 = yes,
a. Has this happened to you in the last year?
Ask all,
Have you ever felt bad or guilty about your drinking?
If 3 = yes,
a. Have you felt this in the past year?
Ask all,
Have you ever had a drink first thing in the morning to steady your hands or get rid of a hangover?
If 4 = yes,
a. Have you done this in the past year?
Ask all,
Do you ever have an alcoholic drink during breaks in your daily work? Include lunch breaks.
If 5 = yes,
a. How often do you do this?
Do you feel tired most of the time?
Do you often feel miserable or depressed?
Do you often get worried about things?
Do you often get into a violent rage?
Do you often suddenly become scared for no good reason?
Are you easily upset or irritated?
Are you constantly keyed up and jittery?
Does every little thing get on your nerves and wear you out?
Does your heart often race like mad?
During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel, 
So depressed nothing could cheer you up?
Hopeless?
Restless or fidgety?
That everything was an effort?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks containing alcohol do you drink on any typical day when you are drinking?
How often during the last year have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
How often during the last year have you failed to do what was normally expected from you because of your drinking?
Has a relative or friend, doctor or other health worker been concerned about drinking or suggested that you cut down?
I've been feeling optimistic about the future
I've been feeling useful
I've been feeling relaxed
I've been feeling interested in other people
I've had energy to spare
I've been dealing with problems well
I've been thinking clearly
I've been feeling good about myself
I've been feeling close to other people
I've been feeling confident
I've been able to make up my own mind about things
I've been feeling loved
I've been interested in new things
I've been feeling cheerful
Impairment (mental health problems)
During the past 4 weeks, have you had any of the following problems with your work or other daily activities as a result of any emotional problems (such as feeling depressed or anxious):
Cut down the amount of time you spent on work or other activities?
Accomplished less than you would like?
Not done your work or other activities as carefully as usual?
Mental health
Did you feel full of life?
Have  you been a very nervous person?
Have you felt so down in the dumps that nothing could cheer you up?
Have you felt calm and cheerful?
Did you have a lot of energy?
Have you felt downhearted and low?
Did you feel worn out?
Have you been a happy person?
Did you feel tired?
Has your health limited your social activities (like visiting friends or close relatives)?
Social functioning
During the past 4 weeks, to what extent has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with your normal social activities with family, friends, neighbours or groups?
In the month before the Coronavirus outbreak, how often did you have a drink containing alcohol?
In the month before the Coronavirus outbreak, how many standard alcoholic drinks have you had on a typical day when you were drinking?
In the last 4 weeks, how often have you had a drink containing alcohol?
In the last 4 weeks, how many standard alcoholic drinks do you have on a typical day when you were drinking?
Since the national lockdown restrictions started to be eased in June, how often have you found you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
Since the start of the Coronavirus outbreak, how often have you failed to do what was expected of you because of drinking?
Since the start of the Coronavirus outbreak, has a relative, friend, doctor or health worker been concerned about your drinking or advised you to cut down?
 How much do you agree or disagree with the following statements?
In uncertain times, I usually expect the best
I'm always optimistic about my future
Overall, I expect more good things to happen to me than bad
Has difficulty in settling to anything for more than a few moments
Prefers to do things on his/ her own rather than with others
Is bullied by other children
Destroys own or others' belongings (e.g. tears or breaks)
Is miserable or tearful
Is squirmy or fidgety
Worries about many things
Is irritable, quick to fly off the handle
Sucks thumb or finger during the day
Is upset by new situation, by things happening for the first time
Has twitches or mannerisms of the face, eyes or body
Fights with other children
Bites nails
Is disobedient at home
Did any of these or other aspects of behaviour cause you concern before the child started school?
If 15 = yes,
a. Please specify the aspects involved
Ask all,
Have any of these or other aspects caused you concern since he/she has been at school (but not at present)?
If 16 = yes,
a. Please specify the aspects in evolved
Unforthcomingness
Withdrawal
Depression
Anxiety
Hostility towards adults
Writing off adults and standards
Anxiety for acceptance by children
Hostility towards children
Restlessness
Inconsequential behaviour
Miscellaneous symptoms
Miscellaneous nervous symptoms
Has difficulty in settling to anything for more than a few moments
Prefers to do things on his/ her own rather than with others
Is bullied by other children
Destroys own or others' belongings (e.g. tears or breaks)
Is miserable or tearful
Is squirmy or fidgety
Worries about many things
Is irritable, quick to fly off the handle
Sucks thumb or finger during the day
Is upset by new situation, by things happening for the first time
Has twitches or mannerisms of the face, eyes or body
Fights with other children
Bites nails
Is disobedient at home
Very restless. Has difficulty staying seated for long.
Squirmy, fidgety child.
Often destroys own or others' property.
Frequently fights or is extremely quarrelsome with other children
Not much liked by other children
Often worried, worries about many things
Tends to do things on his/ her own - rather solitary
Irritable, is quick to fly off the handle
Often appears miserable, unhappy, tearful or distressed
Has twitches, mannerisms or tics of the face or body
Frequently sucks thumb or finger
Frequently bites nails or fingers
Is often disobedient
Cannot settle anything for more than a few moments
Tends to be fearful or afraid of new things or new situations
Fussy or over particular
Often tells lies
Bullies other children
Very restless. Has difficulty staying seated for long.
Truants from school
Squirmy, fidgety child.
Often destroys own or others' property.
Frequently fights or is extremely quarrelsome with other children
Not much liked by other children
Often worried, worries about many things
Tends be on own - rather solitary
Irritable, touchy, is quick to fly off the handle
Often appears miserable, unhappy, tearful or distressed
Has twitches, mannerisms or tics of the face or body
Frequently sucks thumb or finger
Frequently bites nails or fingers
Tends to be absent from school for trivial reasons
Is often disobedient
Cannot settle anything for more than a few moments
Tends to be fearful or afraid of new things or new situations
Fussy or over particular
Often tells lies
Has stolen things on one or more occasions in the past 12 months
Unresponsive, inert or apathetic
Often complains of aches or pains
Has had tears on arrival at school or has refused to come into the building in the past 12 months
Has a stutter or stammer
Resentful or aggressive when corrected
Bullies other children
In the last year,
Have you felt you ought to cut down on your drinking?
Have people ever annoyed you by criticising your drinking?
Have you ever felt bad or guilty about your drinking?
Have you ever had a drink first thing in the morning to steady your nerves or to get rid of a hangover?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
If 1 = any drinking
How many drinks containing alcohol do you have in a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have six or more drinks on any one occasion?
How often during the last year have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you have started?
How often during the last year have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of drinking?
How often during the last year have you needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
How often during the last year have you had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
How often during the last year have you been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
Have you or someone else been injured because of your drinking?
Has a relative, friend, doctor or other health worker been concerned about your drinking of suggested that you should cut down?
I've been feeling optimistic about the future
I've been feeling useful
I've been feeling relaxed
I've been feeling interested in other people
I've had energy to spare
I've been dealing with problems well
I've been thinking clearly
I've been feeling good about myself
I've been feeling close to other people
I've been feeling confident
I've been able to make up my own mind about things
I've been feeling loved
I've been interested in new things
I've been feeling cheerful
My age prevents me from doing things I would like to
I feel what happens to me is out of my control
I feel left out of things
I can do the things I want to do
Family responsibilities prevent me from doing what I want to do
I feel that I can please myself what I do
Shortage of money stops me from doing things I want to do
I look forward to each day
I feel that my life has meaning
I enjoy the things that I do
On balance, I look back on my life with a sense of happiness
I feel full of energy these days
I feel that life is full of opportunities
I feel that the future looks good for me
My age prevents me from doing things I would like to
I feel what happens to me is out of my control
I feel left out of things
I feel full of energy these days
I feel that life is full of opportunities
I feel that the future looks good for me
How much of the time during the last month have you…
Been a very nervous person?
Felt downhearted and blue?
Felt calm and peaceful?
Felt so down in the dumps that nothing could cheer you up?
Been a happy person?
Impairment (mental health problems)
During the past 4 weeks, how much of the time have you had any of the following problems with your work or other daily activities as a result of any emotional problems (such as feeling depressed or anxious):
Accomplished less than you would like?
Not done your work or other activities as carefully as usual?
Mental health
Have you felt calm and peaceful?
Did you have a lot of energy?
Have you felt downhearted and depressed?
Social functioning
During the past 4 weeks, how much of the time has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with your normal social activities (like visiting with friends, relatives, etc.)?
Over the past year, have there been times when you felt very happy indeed without a break for days on end
Was there an obvious reason for this?
Did people around you think it was strange or complain about it?
Over the past year, have you ever felt that your thoughts were directly interfered with or controlled by some outside force or person?
Did this come about in a way that many people would find hard to believe, for instance, through telepathy?
Over the past year, have there been times when you felt that people were against you?
Have there been times when you felt that people were deliberately acting to harm you or your interests?
Have there been times you felt that a group of people was plotting to cause you serious harm or injury?
Over the past year, have there been times when you felt that something strange was going on?
Did you feel it was so strange that other people would find it very hard to believe?
What was going on that felt so strange?
Over the past year, have there been times when you heard or saw things that other people couldn’t?
Did you at any time hear voices saying quite a few words or sentences when there was no one around that might account for it?
Still thinking about the last year…
Have you made yourself be sick because you felt uncomfortably full?
Did you worry you had lost control over how much you eat?
Did you believe yourself to be fat when others said you were too thin?
Would you say that food dominated your life?
Did your feelings about food interfere with your ability to work, meet personal responsibilities and/or enjoy a social life?
In general, do you have difficulty making and keeping friends?
Would you normally describe yourself as a loner?
In general, do you trust other people?
Do you normally lose your temper easily?
Are you normally an impulsive sort of person?
Are you normally a worrier?
In general, do you depend on others a lot?
In general, are you a perfectionist?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks containing alcohol do you drink on a typical day where you are drinking?
How often have you had six/eight [female/male] or more drinks on one occasion in the past year?
On the whole, I am satisfied with myself
At times I think I am no good at all
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I certainly feel useless at times
All in all, I am inclined to feel that I am a failure
I take a positive attitude toward myself
During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel:
So depressed that nothing could cheer you up?
Hopeless?
Restless or fidgety?
That everything was an effort?
Worthless?
Nervous?
Have you ever felt that you ought to cut down on your drinking?
Have people annoyed you by criticising your drinking?
Have you ever felt bad or guilty about your drinking?
Have you ever had a drink first thing in the morning to steady your nerves or get rid of a hangover?
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS 1. Overall, do you think your child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people? If IS 1 yes,
IS 2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS 3. Do the difficulties upset or distress your child?
IS 4. Do the difficulties interfere with you child's everyday life in the following areas - home life?
IS 5. ...friendships
IS 6. ...learning
IS 7. ...leisure activities
IS 8. Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the family as a whole?
Likes to work things out for self
Does not need much hep with tasks
Chooses activities on their own
Persists in the face of difficult tasks
Move to new activity after finishing task
Shows mood swings
Gets over excited
Easily frustrated
Gets over being upset quickly
Acts impulsively
How would you describe your health generally?
During the last 4 weeks how much...
Did physical health problems limit your usual physical activity?
Difficulty did you have during your usual work, college or other daily activities because of your physical health?
Bodily pain have you had?
Energy did you have?
Did your physical health or emotional problems limit your usual social activities?
How much have you been bothered by emotional problems?
Did personal or emotional problems keep you from doing your usual work, college or other daily activities?
Likes to work things out for self
Does not need much hep with tasks
Chooses activities on their own
Persists in the face of difficult tasks
Move to new activity after finishing task
Shows mood swings
Gets over excited
Easily frustrated
Gets over being upset quickly
Acts impulsively
Works or plays easily with others
Is calm and easy going
Says please and thank you when reminded
Waits his/her turn in games/activities
Co-operates with requests
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS 1. Overall, do you think that this child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
On the whole, I am satisfied with myself
I feel I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I am a person of value
I feel good about myself
I care about how well I do at school
I feel bad or guilty when I have done something wrong
I do not show my emotions to others
I am concerned about the feelings of others
How often do you have a drink  that contains alcohol?
How many standard alcoholic drinks to do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often in the last year have you found you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
How often in the last year have you failed to do what was expected of you because of drinking?
Has a relative, friend, doctor or health worker been concerned about your drinking or advised you to cut down?
I felt miserable or unhappy
I didn't enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good any more
I cried a lot
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought no one really loved me
I thought I could never be as good as other kids
I did everything wrong
I've been feeling optimistic about the future
I've been feeling useful
I've been feeling relaxed
I've been dealing with problems well
I've been thinking clearly
I've been feeling close to other people
I've been able to make up my own mind on things
During the past 30 days, about how often did you feel:
So depressed that nothing could cheer you up?
Hopeless?
Restless or fidgety?
That everything was an effort?
Worthless?
Nervous?
I see myself as someone who is rude to others.
I see myself as someone who does a thorough job.
I see myself as someone who is talkative.
I see myself as someone who worries a lot.
I see myself as someone who is original, comes up with new ideas.
I see myself as someone who has a forgiving nature.
I see myself as someone who tends to be lazy.
I see myself as someone who is outgoing, sociable.
I see myself as someone who gets nervous easily.
I see myself as someone who values artistic, aesthetic experiences.
I see myself as someone who is considerate and kind to almost everyone.
I see myself as someone who does things efficiently.
I see myself as someone who is reserved.
I see myself as someone who is relaxed, handles stress well.
I see myself as someone who has an active imagination.
Much of the time during the past week:
You felt depressed?
You felt that everything you did was an effort?
Your sleep was restless?
You were happy?
You felt lonely?
You enjoyed life?
You felt sad?
You could not get going?
My age prevents me from doing the things I would like to do
I feel that what happens to me is out of my control
I feel free to plan for the future
I feel left out of things
I can do the things that I want to do
Family responsibilities prevent me from doing what I want to do
I feel that I can please myself with what I do
My health stops me from doing the things I want to do
Shortage of money stops me from doing the things I want to do
I look forward to each day
I feel that my life has meaning
I enjoy the things I do
I enjoy being in the company of others
On balance, I look back on my life with a sense of happiness
I feel full of energy these days
I choose to do things that I never done before
I feel satisfied with the way my life has turned out
I feel that life is full of opportunities
I feel that the future looks good for me
In most ways my life is close to ideal
The conditions of my life are excellent
I am satisfied with my life
So far, I have gotten the important things I want in life
If I could live my life again, I would change almost nothing
During the past 30 days, to what degree did you feel:
Determined?
Enthusiastic?
Active?
Proud?
Interested?
Happy?
Attentive?
Content?
Inspired?
Hopeful?
Alert?
Calm?
Excited?
My age prevents me from doing the things I would like to do
I feel that what happens to me is out of my control
I feel left out of things
I can do the things that I want to do
I feel that I can please myself what I do
Shortage of money stops me from doing things I want to do
I look forward to each day
I feel that my life has meaning
I enjoy the things that I do
I feel full of energy these days
I feel that life is full of opportunities
I feel that the future looks good for me
Please indicate how well each of the following describes you.
Outgoing
Helpful
Moody
Organised
Friendly
Warm
Worrying
Responsibly
Lively
Caring
Nervous
Creative
Hardworking
Imaginative
Soft-hearted
Calm
Intelligent
Curious
Active
Careless
Broad-minded
Sympathetic
Talkative
Sophisticated
Adventurous
Thorough
On the whole I am satisfied with myself
At times I think I am no good at all
I feel that I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I feel I do not have much to be proud of
I certainly feel useless at times
I feel that I am a person of with at least equal with others
I wish I could have more respect for myself
All in all I am inclined to feel that I am a failure
I take a positive attitude toward myself
I felt miserable or unhappy
I didn't enjoy anything at all
I felt so tiered I just sat around and did nothing
I was restless
I felt I was no good anymore
I cried a lot
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never be as good as other kids
I did everything wrong
Thinking about yourself and how you normally feel, to what extent do you generally feel:
Interested
Distressed
Excited
Upset
Strong
Guilty
Scared
Hostile
Enthusiastic
Proud
Irritable
Alert
Ashamed
Inspired
Nervous
Determined
Attentive
Jittery
Active
Afraid
I was bothered by things that usually didn't bother me
I did not feel like eating; my appetite was poor
I felt that I could not shake of feeling low, even with help from my family and/or friends
I felt I was just as good as other people
I had trouble keeping my mind on what I was doing
I felt depressed
I felt that everything I did was an effort
I felt hopeful about the future
I thought my life had been a failure
I felt fearful
My sleep was restless
I was happy
I talked less than usual
I felt lonely
People were unfriendly
I enjoyed life
I had crying spells
I felt sad
I felt that people dislike me
I could not get 'going'
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statements?
I like myself.
I often wish I was someone else.
I am able to do things well.
I don’t think much of myself.
There are some good things about me.
There are lots of things about myself I would like to change.
Since your 18th birthday, have you done any of the following things relating to food and dieting?
After eating, I made myself sick.
I worried that I had lost control over how much I ate.
I lost more than a stone in weight over a short period of time (say about 3 months).
I felt that I was fat even when other people said I was too thin.
I felt that food dominated my life.
I took supplements, slimming pills or something else (not prescribed by a doctor) to change my body shape.
For each 1-6 = yes,
At which ages did it happen?
a. 18
b. 19
c. 20
d. 21
e. 22
f. 23
g. 24
How often have you felt like this during the last month?
I’ve felt too tired to do things.
I’ve had trouble going to sleep or staying asleep.
I’ve felt unhappy, sad or depressed.
I’ve felt hopeless about the future.
I’ve felt nervous or tense.
I’ve worried too much about things.
During the last year, how many times have you gone on a diet to try and lose weight?
During the last year, did you do any of the following things relating to food and dieting?
After eating, I made myself sick.
I worried that I had lost control over how much I ate.
I lost more than a stone in weight over a short period of time (say about 3 months).
I felt that I was fat even when other people said I was too thin.
I felt that food dominated my life.
I took supplements, slimming pills or something else (not prescribed by a doctor) to change my body shape.
How often have you felt like this during the last month?
I’ve felt too tired to do things.
I’ve had trouble going to sleep or staying asleep.
I’ve felt unhappy, sad or depressed.
I’ve felt hopeless about the future.
I’ve felt nervous or tense.
I’ve worried too much about things.
There is really no way I can solve some of the problems I have
Sometimes I feel that I’m being pushed around in life
I have little control over the things that happen to me
I can do just about anything I really set my mind to
I often feel helpless in dealing with the problems of life
What happens to me in the future mostly depends on me
There is little I can do to change many of the important things in my life
I feel tense or wound up
I still enjoy the things I used to enjoy
I get a sort of frightened feeling as if something awful is about to happen
I can laugh and see the funny side of things
Worrying thoughts go through my mind
I feel cheerful
I can sit at ease and feel relaxed
I feel as if I am slowed down
I get a sort of frightened feeling like butterflies in my stomach
I have lost interest in my appearance
I feel restless as if I have to be on the move
I look forward with enjoyment to things
I get sudden feelings of panic
I can enjoy a good book or radio, TV programme
How would you rate your quality of life?
How satisfied are you with your health?
The following questions ask about how much you have experienced certain things in the last two weeks.
To what extent do you feel that physical pain prevents you from doing what you need to do?
How much do you need any medical treatment to function in your daily life?
How much do you enjoy life?
To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?
How well are you able to concentrate?
Ho w safe do you fee l in your daily life?
How healthy is your physical environment?
The following questions ask about how completely you experience or were able to do certain things in the last two weeks.
Do you have enough energy for everyday life?
Are you able to accept your bodily appearance?
Have you enough money to meet your needs?
How available to you is the information that you need in your day-to-day life?
To what extent do you have the opportunity for leisure activities?
How well are you able to get around?
The following questions ask you to say how good or satisfied you have felt about various aspects of your life over the last two weeks.
How satisfied are you with your sleep?
How satisfied are you with your ability to perform your daily living activities?
How satisfied are you with your capacity for work?
How satisfied are you with yourself?
How satisfied are you with your personal relationships?
How satisfied are you with your sex life?
How satisfied are you with the support you get from your friends?
How satisfied are you with the conditions of your living place?
How satisfied are you with your access to health services?
How satisfied are you with your transport?
The following question refers to how often you have felt or experienced certain things in the last two weeks.
How often do you have negative feelings such as blue mood, despair, anxiety, depression?
In most ways my life is close to my ideal
The conditions of my life are excellent
I am satisfied with my life
So far I have gotten the important things I want in life
If I could live my life over, I would change almost nothing
I’ve been feeling optimistic about the future
I’ve been feeling useful
I’ve been feeling relaxed
I’ve been feeling interested in other people
I’ve had energy to spare
I’ve been dealing with problems well
I’ve been thinking clearly
I’ve been feeling good about myself
I’ve been feeling close to other people
I’ve been feeling confident
I’ve been able to make up my own mind about things
I’ve been feeling loved
I’ve been interested in new things
I’ve been feeling cheerful
I am forgiving of myself for past mistakes
I take care of today and I let yesterday and tomorrow take care of themselves
In problem situations, I do what I am able to do and then accept whatever happens even if I dislike it
I accept situations that I can not change
I try to place my problems in the proper perspective in any given situation
I find ways to share my talents with others
I attempt to deal with what is, rather than what was, or what will be
I feel that I have done the best I could in life
I feel forgiving of those who have harmed me
I feel serene
I am aware of an inner source of comfort, strength, and security
During troubled times, I experience an inner source of strength
I experience peace of mind
I am aware of inner peace
I experience an inner quiet that does not depend on events
When I get upset I become peaceful by getting in touch with my inner self
I experience an inner calm even when I am under pressure
I can feel angry and observe my feeling of anger and separate myself from it and still feel an inner peace
I trust that life events happen to fit a plan which is larger and more gentle than I can know
I see the good in painful events that have happened to me
Even though I do not understand, I trust in the ultimate goodness of the plan of things
I trust that everything happens as it should
I can always manage to solve difficult problems if I try hard enough
If someone opposes me, I can find the means and ways to get what I want
It is easy for me to stick to my aims and accomplish my goals
I am confident that I could deal efficiently with unexpected events
Thanks to my resourcefulness, I know how to handle unforeseen circumstances
I can solve most problems if I invest the necessary effort
I can remain calm when facing difficulties because I can rely on my coping abilities
When I am confronted with a problem, I can usually find several solutions
If I am in trouble, I can usually think of a solution
I can usually handle whatever comes my way
At times I think I am no good at all
I feel that I have a number of good qualities
I am able to do things as well as most other people
I feel I do not have much to be proud of
I certainly feel useless at times
All in all I am inclined to feel that I am a failure
I am a likeable person
I can usually solve my own problems
I try to be nice to other people, I care about their feelings
I am restless, I cannot stay still for long
I get a lot of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
I usually share with others (food, games, pens etc.)
I get very angry and often lose my temper
I am usually on my own, I generally play alone or keep to myself
I usually do as I am told
I worry a lot
I am helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I have at least one good friend
I fight a lot. I can make other people to what I want
I am often unhappy, downhearted or tearful
Other people my age are generally like me
I am easily distracted, I find it difficult to concentrate
I am nervous in new situations. I easily lose confidence
I am kind to younger children
I am often accused of lying or cheating
Other children or young people pick on me or bully me
I often volunteer to help others (parents, teachers, children)
I think before i do things
I take things that are not mine from home, school or elsewhere
I get on better with adults than people my own age
I have many fears, I am easily scared
I finished the work I'm doing.
How is your health in general?
Does your health now limit you in moderate activities, such as moving a table, pushing a vacuum cleaner, bowling, or playing golf?
2a. How much does your health now limit you with these activities?
Does your health now limit you in climbing several flights of stairs?
3a. How much does your health now limit you with this activity?
During the past 4 weeks, have you accomplished les than you would like with your work or other regulate daily activities as a result of your physical health?
During the past 4 weeks, were you limits in the kind of work or other activities you could do as a result of your physical health?
During the past 4 weeks, have you accomplished less than you would like with your work or other regular daily activities as a result of any emotional problems (such as feeling depressed or anxious?)
During the past 4 weeks, did you work or do other activities less carefully than usual as a result of your emotional health?
During the past four weeks, how much did pain interfere with your normal work (including both work outside the home and housework)?
How much of the time during the past 4 weeks have you felt calm and peaceful?
How much of the time during the past 4 weeks did you have a lot of energy?
How much of the time during the past 4 weeks have you felt
11a. Downhearted and low?
11b. Full of life?
11c. Worn out?
11d. Tired?
During the past 4 weeks how much of the time has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with your social activities (like vising friends or relatives)?
How much has your job made you feel:
Tense
Uneasy
Worried
Depressed
Gloomy
Miserable
I feel I have a number of good qualities
I feel that I do not have much to be proud of
I certainly feel useless at times
I am able to do things as well as most other people
All in all, I am inclined to feel I am a failure
At times I feel I am no good at all
I can always manage to solve difficult problems if I try hard enough
If someone opposes me, I can find the means and ways to get what I want
It is easy for me to stick to my aims and accomplish my goals
I am confident that I could deal efficiently with unexpected events
Thanks to my resourcefulness, I know how to handle unforeseen situations
I can solve most problems if I invest the necessary effort
I can remain calm when facing difficulties because I rely on my coping abilities
When I am confronted with a problem, I can usually find several solutions
If I am in trouble, I can usually think of a solution
I can usually handle whatever comes my way
In the past 12 months have you taken an alcoholic drink?
If 1 = no,
Have you always been a non-drinker?
If 1 = yes,
Thinking about the past 12 months, how often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often have you had 6 or more units (if female) 8 or more units (if male) on a single occasion in the last year?
In the last 4 weeks have you taken an alcoholic drink?
If 1 = no,
Have you always been a non-drinker?
If 1 = yes,
Thinking about the last 4 weeks, how often did you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often have you had 6 or more units, on a single occasion in the last 4 weeks?
Many items - see file
Many items 
How do you feel about the following in attending school?
Catching Covid-19
Following the new covid rules in school
The work you need to do now to catch up on things you missed last term
Things being different and uncertain now
Your tests, assessments or exams not showing what you’re capable of
To what extent do you agree or disagree that the following set of statements describes you?
I would have a hard time sticking with a special, healthy diet.
I try to spend money wisely.
I have given up physical pleasure or comfort to reach my goals.
I try to consider how my actions will affect other people in the long-term.
I cannot be trusted with money.
I do not consider how my behaviour affects other people.
I cannot motivate myself to accomplish long-term goals.
I have always tried to eat healthy because it pays off in the long run.
When faced with a physically demanding chore, I always tried to put off doing it.
I have always felt like my hard work would pay off in the end.
You have been offered a new position in a company where you have worked for some time. The first question that is likely to come to mind is:
What if I cannot live up to the new responsibility?
Will I make more at this position?
I wonder if the new work will be interesting?
You have a school age daughter. On parents’ night the teacher tells you that your daughter is doing poorly and does not seem involved in the work. You are likely to:
Talk it over with your daughter to understand further what the problem is.
Scold her and hope she does better.
Make sure she does the assignments, because she should be working harder.
You had a job interview several weeks ago. In the mail you received a form letter, which states that the position has been filled. It’s likely that you might think:
It’s not what you know, but whom you know.
I’m probably not good enough for the job.
Somehow they didn’t see my qualifications as matching their needs.
You are a plant supervisor and have been charged with the task of allotting coffee breaks to three workers who can’t all break at once. You would likely handle this by:
Telling the three workers the situation and having them work with you on the schedule.
Simply assigns the times that each can break to avoid any problems.
Find out from someone in authority what to do or do what was done in the past.
A close friend of yours has been moody lately, and a couple of times has become very angry with you over "nothing". You might:
Share your observations with him and try to find out what is going on for him.
Ignore it because there’s not much you can do about it anyway.
Tell him that you’re willing to spend time together if and only if he makes more effort to control himself.
You have just received the results of a test you took, and you discovered that you did very poorly.  Your initial reaction is likely to be:
"I can’t do anything right" and feel sad.
"I wonder how it is I did so poorly", and feel disappointed.
"That stupid test doesn’t show anything", and feel angry.
You have been invited to a large party where you know very few people. As you look forward to this evening you would likely expect that:
You’ll try to fit in with whatever is happening in order to have a good time and not look bad.
You’ll find some people with whom you can relate.
You’ll probably feel somewhat isolated and unnoticed.
You are asked to plan a picnic for yourself and your fellow employees. Your style for approaching this project could most likely be characterized as:
Take charge: that is, you would make most of the major decisions.
Follow precedent: you’re not really up to the task so you’d do it the way it’s been done before.
Seek participation: get input from others who want to make them before you make the final plans.
Recently a position opened up at your place of work that could have meant a promotion for you. However, a person you work with was offered the job rather than you. In evaluating the situation, you are likely to think:
You didn’t really expect the job; you frequently get passed over.
The other person probably "did the right things" politically to get the job.
You would probably take a look at factors in your own performance that lead you to be passed over.
You are embarking on a new career. The most important consideration is likely to be:
Whether you can do the work without getting in over your head.
How interested you are in that kind of work.
Whether there are good possibilities for advancement.
A woman who works for you has generally done an adequate job. However, for the past two weeks her work has not been up to par and she appears to be less actively interested in her work. Your reaction is likely to be:
Tell her that her work is below what is expected and that she should start working harder.
Ask her about the problem and let her know you are available to help work it out.
It’s hard to know what to do to get her straightened out.
Your company has promoted you to a position in a city far from your present location. As you think about the move you would probably:
Feel interested in the new challenge and a little nervous at the same time.
Feel excited about the higher status and salary that is involved.
Feel stressed and anxious about the upcoming change
I try to be nice to other people, I care about their feelings
I am restless, I cannot stay still for long
I get a lot of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
I usually share with others (food, games, pens etc)
I get very angry and often lose my temper
I am usually on my own or keep to myself
I usually do as I am told
I worry a lot
I am helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I have at least one good friend
I fight a lot. I can make other people do what I want
I am often unhappy, downhearted or tearful
Other people my age generally like me
I am easily distracted, I find it hard to concentrate
I am nervous in new situations. I easily lose confidence
I am kind to younger children
I am often accused of lying or cheating
Other children or young people pick on my or bully me
I often volunteer to help others (parents, teachers, children)
I think before I do things
I take things hat are not mine from home, school or elsewhere
I get on better with adults than with people my own age
I have many fears, I am easily scared
I finish the work I'm doing. My attention is good
Impact Supplement
Thinking about your responses to the previous questions, do you think that you have difficulties in one or more of the following areas
IS1. Emotions/feelings
IS2. Concentration/attention
IS3. Behaviour
IS4. Being able to get on with other people
If any IS1-4 = yes,
IS5. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS6. Do the difficulties upset or distress you?
IS7. Do the difficulties interfere with or affect your everyday life in the following areas?
a. Home life
b. Friendships
c. Classroom learning
d. Leisure activities
IS8. Do the difficulties make it harder for those around you (family, friends, teachers, etc)?
Some people believe that other people purposefully try to hurt them or plot against them. In the last 4 weeks, has anyone ever caused you trouble on purpose, or tried to hurt you, or plotted against you?
In the last 4 weeks, have you ever thought that people were following or spying on you?
Some young people describe hearing things, such as voices or sounds, that other people can’t hear.  In the last 4 weeks, have you ever heard voices or sounds that no one else can hear?
In the last 4 weeks, have you ever seen things that other people could not see?
If any 1-4 = yes,
How often did or does this happen?
How much do these experiences bother you?
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problems?
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge?
Not being able to stop or control worrying?
Worrying too much about different things?
Trouble relaxing
Being so restless that's hard to sit still
Becoming easily annoyed or irritable
Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen
Do your teachers complain about you having problems with hyperactivity or poor concentration?
Do your family complain about you having problems with hyperactivity or poor concentration?
And what do you think? Do you think you have real problems with hyperactivity or poor concentration?
Do your teachers complain about your being awkward or troublesome?
Do your family complain about you being awkward or troublesome?
And what do you think? Do you think that you are awkward and troublesome?
Are many of your friends the sort of people who often get into trouble for bad behaviour?
Over the last 12 months:
Have you often told lies in order to get things or favours from others, or to get out of having to do things you are supposed to?
Have you often started fights?
Have you often bullied or threatened people?
Have you often stayed out after dark much later than you were supposed to?
Have you stolen from the house, or from other people's houses, or from shops or school?
Have you run away from home more than once, or ever stayed away all night without permission?
Have you often played truant from school?
How many times have you done this [deliberately harmed or hurt yourself] in the last year?
When was the last time you hurt yourself/thought about hurting yourself on purpose?
The last time you hurt yourself on purpose/thought about hurting yourself, which of the actions below best describes what you did?
Do any of the following reasons help explain why you hurt yourself/you wanted to hurt yourself on the last occasion?
The last time you hurt yourself in any way, did you seek medical help/first aid from any of the following?
My child:
Expresses his/her feelings openly
Does not seem to know right from wrong
Is concerned about school work
Does not care who he/she hurts to get what he/she wants
Feels bad or guilty when he/she has done something wrong
Does not show emotions
Does not care about being time
Is concerned about the feelings of others
Does not care if he/she is in trouble
Does not let feelings control him/her
Does not care about doing things well
Seems very cold and uncaring
Easily admits to being wrong
Is easy to tell how he/she is feeling
Always tries his/her best
Apologises to persons he/she has hurt
Tries not to hurt other feelings
Shows no remorse when he/she has done something wrong
Is very expressive and emotional
Does not like to put the time into doing things well
The feelings of others are unimportant to him/her
Hides his/her feelings from others
Works hard on everything
Does things to make others feel good
Do you ever make yourself sick because you feel uncomfortably full?
Do you worry that you have lost control over how much you eat?
Have you recently lost more than one stone in a 3 month period?
Do you believe yourself to be fat when others say you are too thin?
Would you say that food dominates your life?
I am often confused about what emption I am feeling
It is difficult for me to find the right words for my feelings
I have physical sensations that even doctors don't understand
I am able to describe my feelings easily
I prefer to analyse problems rather than just describe them
When I am upset, I don't know if I am sad, frightened or angry
I am often puzzled by sensations in my body
I prefer to just let things happen rather than to understand why they turned out that way
I have feelings that I can’t quite identify
Being in touch with emotions is essential
I find it hard to describe how I feel about people
People tell me to describe my feelings more
I don’t know what’s going on inside me
I often don’t know why I am angry
I prefer talking to people about their daily activities rather than their feelings
I prefer to watch “light” entertainment shows rather than psychological dramas
It is difficult for me to reveal my innermost feelings, even to close friends
I can feel close to someone, even in moments of silence
I find examination of my feelings useful in solving personal problems
Looking for hidden meanings in movies or plays distracts from their enjoyment
The AOSI is an interactive assessment between an infant and a trained researcher, designed to elicit responses to specific prompts relating to behaviours that may provide evidence relating to the presence or absence of autism. 21 items are scored, and a total score is calculated from the sum of 18 of these items.
I am content
I often don't think things through before I speak
I would like to skydive
I am happy
I often involve myself in situations that I later regret being involved in
I enjoy new and exciting experiences even if they are unconventional
I have faith that my future holds great promise
It's frightening to feel dizzy or faint
I like doing things that frighten me a little
It frightens me when I feel my heart beat change
I usually act without stopping to think
I would like to learn how to drive a motorcycle
I feel proud of my accomplishments
I get scared when I'm too nervous
Generally, I am an impulsive person
I am interested in experience for its own sake even if it is illegal
I feel that I'm a failure
I get scared when I experience unusual body sensations
I would enjoy hiking long distances in wild and uninhabited territory
I feel pleasant
It scares me when I'm unable to focus on a task
I feel I have to be manipulative to get what I want
I am very enthusiastic about my future
To help us evaluate your drinking, we need to get an idea of what your alcohol use was like in the past 30 days. To do this, we would like you to fill out the attached calendar.
WHAT TO FILL IN 
• The idea is to put a number in for each day on the calendar. 
• On days when you did not drink, you should write a ”0”. 
• On days when you did drink, you should write in the total number of drinks you had. 
• We want you to record your drinking on the calendar using Standard Drinks.
YOUR BEST ESTIMATE 
• We realize it isn’t easy to recall things with 100% accuracy.
I am content
In stressful situations, I often fear that no one will reach me in time
I often don't think things through before I speak
I would like to skydive
I am happy
I get frightened and feel that I am losing my mind when I cannot concentrate on the things that I need to do
I often involve myself in situations that I later regret being involved in
I enjoy new and exciting experiences even if they are unconventional
I have faith that my future holds great promise
It's frightening to feel dizzy or faint
The most interesting and exciting things are usually illegal or immoral
I like doing things that frighten me a little
Sometimes I think I am no good at all
It frightens me when I feel my heart beat change
I usually act without stopping to think
I would like to learn how to drive a motorcycle
I feel proud of my accomplishments
I get scared when I'm too nervous
Generally, I am an impulsive person
I am interested in experience for its own sake even if it is illegal
I feel that I'm a failure
I get scared when I experience unusual body sensations
I'm stubborn and strong-minded and act upon my thoughts despite others' opinions
I would enjoy hiking long distances in wild and uninhabited territory
I feel pleasant
It scares me when I'm unable to focus on a task
I feel I have to be manipulative to get what I want
I am very enthusiastic about my future
Do you currently smoke cigarettes?
If 1 = yes,
How soon after you wake up do you have your first cigarette?
Do you find it difficult to refrain from smoking in places where it is forbidden (e.g. in church, at the library, at the cinema)?
Which cigarette would you hate most to give up?
How many cigarettes per day do you smoke?
Do you smoke more frequently during the first hours after waking than during the rest of the day?
Do you smoke when you are so ill that you are in bed most of the day?
On how many occasions during your lifetime have you smoked cigarettes?
When did you smoke your first cigarette?
When did you first smoke cigarettes on a daily basis?
How frequently have you smoked cigarettes during the last 39 days?
How soon after you wake up do you smoke your first cigarette?
Do you find it difficult to refrain from smoking in places where it is forbidden, e.g. at the mosque (church), at the bus?
Which cigarette would you hate most to give up?
How many cigarettes per day do you smoke?
Do you smoke more frequently during the first hours after waking than the rest of the day?
Do you smoke when you are so ill that you are in bed most of the day?
Do you enjoy drinking now and then?
Do you feel you are a normal drinker? ("normal" - drink as much or less than most other people)
Have you ever awakened the morning after some drinking the night before and found that you could not remember a part of the evening?
Does your wife, husband, a parent, or other near relative ever worry or complain about your drinking?
Can you stop drinking without a struggle after one or two drinks?
Do you ever feel guilty about your drinking?
Do friends or relatives think you are a normal drinker?
Are you able to stop drinking when you want to?
Have you ever attended a meeting of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA)?
Have you gotten into physical fights when drinking?
Has you drinking ever created problems between you and your wife, husband, a parent, or other relative?
Has your wife, husband (or other family members) ever gone to anyone for help about your drinking?
Have you ever lost friends because of your drinking?
Have you ever gotten into trouble at work or school because of drinking?
Have you ever lost a job because of drinking?
Have you ever neglected your obligations, your family, or your work for two or more days in a row because you were drinking?
Do you drink before noon fairly often?
Have you ever been told you have liver trouble? Cirrhosis?
After heavy drinking have you ever had Delirium Tremens (D.T.s) or severe shaking, or heard voices, or seen things that are really not there?
Have you ever gone to anyone for help about your drinking?
Have you ever been in a hospital because of drinking?
Have you ever been a patient in a psychiatric hospital or on a psychiatric ward of a general hospital where drinking was part of the problem that resulted in hospitalization?
Have you ever been seen at a psychiatric or mental health clinic or gone to any doctor, social worker, or clergyman for help with any emotional problem, where drinking was part of the problem?
Have you ever been arrested for drunk driving, driving while intoxicated, or driving under the influence of alcoholic beverages?
If 24 = yes, 
a. How many times?
Ask all, 
Have you ever been arrested, or taken into custody even for a few hours, because of other drunk behavior?
If 25 = yes
a. How many times?
Have you used drugs other than those required for medical reasons?
Have you abused prescription drugs?
Do you abuse more than one drug at a time?
Can you get through the week without using drugs (other than those required for medical reasons)?
Are you always able to stop using drugs when you want to?
Do you abuse drugs on a continuous basis?
Do you try to limit your drug use to certain situations?
Have you had “blackouts” or “flashbacks” as a result of drug use?
Do you ever feel bad about your drug abuse?
Does your spouse (or parents) ever complain about your involvement with drugs?
Do your friends or relatives know or suspect you abuse drugs?
Has drug abuse ever created problems between you and your spouse?
Has any family member ever sought help for problems related to your drug use?
Have you ever lost friends because of your use of drugs?
Have you ever neglected your family or missed work because of your use of drugs?
Have you ever been in trouble at work because of drug abuse?
Have you ever lost a job because of drug abuse?
Have you gotten into fights when under the influence of drugs?
Have you ever been arrested because of unusual behaviour while under the influence of drugs?
Have you ever been arrested for driving while under the influence of drugs?
Have you engaged in illegal activities in order to obtain drug?
Have you ever been arrested for possession of illegal drugs?
Have you ever experienced withdrawal symptoms as a result of heavy drug intake?
Have you had medical problems as a result of your drug use (e.g., memory loss, hepatitis, convulsions, bleeding, etc.)?
Have you ever gone to anyone for help for a drug problem?
Have you ever been in a hospital for medical problems related to your drug use?
Have you ever been involved in a treatment program specifically related to drug use?
Have you been treated as an outpatient for problems related to drug abuse?
During pregnancy, did the mother consume any alcohol?
During pregnancy, how often did the mother have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks containing alcohol did the mother have during pregnancy on a typical day when the mother was drinking?
At which stage of pregnancy did the mother have this amount of alcohol?
I have no energy for work/school
I have trouble thinking
I feel overwhelmed by sadness and listlessness
Nothing really intersts or entertains me
What I do is useless
When I feel this way I wish I were dead
Everything annoys me
I feel downhearted and discouraged
I sleep badly
School/work doesn't interest me just now, I can't cope
During pregnancy, did the mother take any illicit drugs (e.g. marijuana, inhalants, amphetamines, acid)?
At which stage of pregnancy did the mother take illicit drugs?
During pregnancy, did the mother take any of these illicit drugs? Please select all that apply.
During pregnancy, did the mother take any of these illicit drugs? Please select all that apply.
Before pregnancy, that is 12 months beforehand, did the mother smoke every day, on occasion, or not at all?
How many cigarettes did the mother smoke per day before pregnancy?
Did the mother smoke cigarettes during pregnancy?
How many cigarettes did the mother smoke during the first trimester?
How many cigarettes did the mother smoke during the second trimester?
How many cigarettes did the mother smoke during the last trimester?
Did the mother smoke during the breastfeeding period?
How many cigarettes did the mother smoke during the breastfeeding period?
How many times has this happened to you while you were drinking or because of your drinking during the last year?
Not able to do your homework or study for a test
Got into fights with other people (friends, relatives, strangers)
Missed out on other things because you spent too much money on alcohol
Went to work or school high or drunk
Caused shame or embarrassment to someone
Neglected your responsibilities
Relatives avoided you
Felt that you needed more alcohol than you used to in order to get the same effect
Tried to control your drinking (tried to drink only at certain times of the day or in certain places, that is, tried to change your pattern of drinking)
Had withdrawal symptoms, that is, felt sick because you stopped or cut down on drinking
Noticed a change in your personality
Felt that you had a problem with alcohol
Missed a day (or part of a day) of school or work
Wanted to stop drinking but couldn't
Suddenly found yourself in a place that you could not remember getting to
Passed out or fainted suddenly
Had a fight, argument or bad feeling with a friend
Had a fight, argument or bad feeling with a family member
Kept drinking when you promised yourself not to
Felt you were going crazy
Had a bad time
Felt physically or psychologically dependent on alcohol
Was told by a friend, neighbour or relative to stop or cut down drinking
Using the five-point scale below, decide how frequently your owndrinking is motivated by each of the reasons listed.
To forget about your problems
Because it makes social gatherings more fun
Because it's fun
To be liked
Because it's exciting
Because you like the feeling
To get high
Because your friends pressure you to drink
So that others won't kid you about not drinking
Because it helps you enjoy a party
Because it gives you a pleasant feeling
To celebrate a special occasion with friends
Because it helps you when you feel depressed or nervous
To be sociable
So you won't feel left out
Because you fee more self-confident and sure of yourself
To fit in with a group you like
Because it improves parties and celebrations
To cheer up when you are in a bad mood
To forget about your worries
Please indicate how applicable each of the following statements is to your child.
Fails to give close attention to details or makes careless mistakes in schoolwork, work, or other activities.
Has difficulty sustaining attention in tasks or play activities.
Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly.
Does not follow through on instructions and fails to finish schoolwork, chores, or duties in the workplace.
Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities.
Avoids, dislikes, or is reluctant to engage in tasks that require sustained mental effort (such as homework).
Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, school assignments, pencils, books, or tools).
Is easily distracted by the environment (outside stimuli).
Is forgetful in daily activities (forgets school material or clothes).
Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat.
Leaves seat in classroom or in other situations in which remaining seated is expected.
Has difficulty playing quietly.
Runs about or climbs too much in situations in which it is inappropriate.
Describes a frequently occurring strong feeling of inner agitation (especially teenagers).
Displays constantly extreme agitation which cannot always be influenced by the environment or activities.
Is 'on the go' or acts as if 'driven by a motor'.
Bursts out answers before questions have been completed.
Has difficulty waiting his or her turn (when playing or in a group).
Interrupts or intrudes on others (such as butting into conversations or games).
Talks excessively.
Have you been deliberately trying to limit the amount of food you eat to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
Have you gone for long periods of time (8 waking hours or more) without eating anything at all in order to influence your shape or weight?
Have you tried to exclude from your diet any foods that you like in order to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
Have you tried to follow definite rules regarding your eating (for example, a calorie limit) in order to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
Have you had a definite desire to have an empty stomach with the aim of influencing your shape or weight?
Have you had a definite desire to have a totally flat stomach?
Has thinking about food, eating or calories made it very difficult to concentrate on things that you are interested in (for example, working, following a conversation or reading)?
Has thinking about shape or weight made it very difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in  (for example, working, following a conversation or reading)?
Have you had a def inite fear of losing control over eating?
Have you had a definite fear that you might gain weight?
Have you felt fat?
Have you had a strong desire to lose weight?
Over the past 28 days:
How many times have you eaten what other people would regard as an unusually large amount of food (given the circumstances)?
On how many of these times did you have a sense of having lost control over your eating (at the time you were eating)?
How many days have such episodes of overeating occurred?
How many times have you made yourself sick (vomit) as a means of controlling you shape or weight?
How many times have you taken laxatives as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
How many times have you exercised in a 'driven' or 'compulsive' way as a means of controlling your weight, shape, amount of fat, or to burn off calories?
Over the past 28 days (do not count episodes of binge eating):
On how many days have you eaten in secret?
On what proportion of the times that you hav eaten have you felt guilty because of its effect on your shape or weight?
How concerned have you been about other people seeing you eat?
On how many days over the past 28 days:
Has your weight influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
Has your shape influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
How much would it have upset you if you had been asked to weigh yourself once a week for the next four weeks?
How dissatisfied have you been with your weight?
How dissatisfied have you been with your shape?
How uncomfortable have you felt seeing your body?
How uncomfortable have you felt about others seeing your shape or figure?
What is your weight at present?
What is your height?
If female:
Over the past three to four months have you missed any menstrual periods?
How many?
Have you been taking the pill?

When I smell a delicious food, I find it very difficult to keep from eating, even if I have just finished a meal
I deliberately take small helpings as a means of controlling my weight
When I feel anxious, I find myself eating
Sometimes when I start eating, I just can’t seem to stop
Being with someone who is eating often makes me hungry enough to eat also
When I feel blue, I often overeat
When I see a real delicacy, I often get so hungry that I have to eat right away
I get so hungry that my stomach often seems like a bottomless pit
I am always hungry so it is hard for me to stop eating before I finish the food on my plate
When I feel lonely, I console myself by eating
I consciously hold back at meals in order not to weight gain
I do not eat some foods because they make me fat
I am always hungry enough to eat at any time
How often do you feel hungry?
How frequently do you avoid “stocking up” on tempting foods?
How likely are you to consciously eat less than you want?
Do you go on eating binges though you are not hungry?
On a scale of 1 to 8, where 1 means no restraint in eating (eating whatever you want, whenever you want it) and 8 means total restraint (constantly limiting food intake and never “giving in”), what number would you give yourself?
Do you ever,
Feel Sad?
Feel as if people seem to drop hints about you or say things with a double meaning?
Feel that you are not a very animated person?
Feel that you are not much of a talker when you are conversing with other people?
Feel as if things in magazines or on TV were written especially for you?
Feel as if some people are not what they seem to be?
Feel as if you are being persecuted in some way?
Feel that you experience few or no emotions at important events?
Feel pessimistic about everything?
Feel as if there is a conspiracy against you?
Feel as if you are destined to be someone very important?
Feel as if there is no future for you?
Feel that you are a very special or unusual person?
Feel as if you do not want to live anymore?
Think that people can communicate telepathically?
Feel that you have no interest to be with other people?
Feel as if electrical devices such as computers can influence the way you think?
Feel that you are lacking in motivation to do things?
Cry about nothing?
Believe in the power of witchcraft, voodoo or the occult?
Feel that you are lacking in energy?
Feel that people look at you oddly because of your appearance
Feel that your mind is empty
Feel as if the thoughts in your head are being taken away from you?
Feel that you are spending all your days doing nothing?
Feel as if the thoughts in your head are not your own?
Feel that your feelings are lacking in intensity?
Have your thoughts ever been so vivid that you were worried other people would hear them?
Do you ever,
Feel that you are lacking in sponteneity?
Hear your own thoughts being echoed back to you?
Feel as if you are under the control of some force or power other than yourself?
Feel that your emotions are blunted?
Hear voices wehn you are alone?
Hear voices talking to each other when you are alone?
Feel that you are neglecting your appearance or personal hygiene?
Feel that you can never get things done?
Feel that you have only few hobbies or interests?
Feel guilty?
Feel like a failure?
Feel tense?
Feel as if a double has taken the place of a family member, friend or acquaintance?
See objects, people or animals that other people cannot see?
For each 1-42 = sometimes, often or nearly always,
a. Please indicate how distressed you are by this experience?
Please indicate for each of the five statements which is closest to how you have been feeling over the last two weeks.                                                                                                                                         1. I have felt cheerful and in good spirits
I have felt calm and relaxed
I have felt active and vigorous
I woke up feeling fresh and rested
My daily life has been filled with things that interest me
I plan tasks carefully
I do things without thinking
I make up my mind quickly
I am happy-go-lucky
I don't 'pay attention'
I have 'racing' thoughts
I plan trips well ahead of time
I am self-controlled
I concentrate easily
I save regularly
I 'squirm' at plays or lectures
I am a careful thinker
I plan for job security
I say things without thinking
I like to think about complex problems
I change jobs
I act 'on impulse'
I get easily bored when solving thought problems
I act on the spur of the moment
I am a steady thinker
I change residences
I buy things on impulse
I can only think about one thing at a time
I change hobbies
I spend or charge more than I earn
I often have extraneous thoughts when thinking
I am more interested in th present than the future
I am restless at the theatre or lectures
I like puzzles
I am future oriented
Many items and if rules
Would you say that in general your health is:
Now thinking about your physical health, which includes physical illness and injury, for how many days during the past 30 days was your physical health not good?
Now thinking about your mental health, which includes stress, depression, and problems with emotions, for how many days during the past 30 days was your mental health not good?
During the past 30 days, for about how many days did poor physical or mental health keep you from doing your usual activities, such as self-care, work, or recreation?
These next questions are about physical, mental, or emotional problems or limitations you may have in your daily life. 
Are you limited in any way in any activities because of any impairment or health problem?
If 5 = yes,
What is the major impairment or health problem that limits your activities?
For how long have your activities been limited because of your major impairment or health problem?
Because of any impairment or health problem, do you need the help of other persons with personal care needs, such as eating, bathing, dressing, or getting around the house?
Because of any impairment or health problem, do you need the help of other persons in handling your routine needs, such as everyday household chores, doing necessary business, shopping, or getting around for other purposes?
Ask all,
During the past 30 days, for about how many days, 
Did PAIN make it hard for you to do your usual activities, such as self-care, work, or recreation?
Have you felt sad, blue or depressed?
Have you felt worried, tense or anxious?
Have you felt you did not get enough rest or sleep?
Have you felt very healthy and full of energy?
During the past 30 days, about how often did you feel:
a. Nervous?
b. Hopeless?
c. Restless or fidgety?
d. So depressed that nothing could cheer you up?
e. That everything was an effort?
f. Worthless?
The last six questions asked about feelings that might have occurred during the past 30 days.  Taking them altogether, did these feelings occur more often in the past 30 days than is usual for you, about the same as usual, or less often than usual?
During the past 30 days, how many days were you totally unable to work or carry out your normal activities because of these feelings?
Not counting the days reported in question 3, how many days in the last 30 were you able to do only half or less of waht you would normally have been able to do, because of these things?
During the past 30 days, how many times did you see a doctor or other professional about these feelings?
During the past 30 days, how often have physical health problems been the main cuse of these feelings?
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems?
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
Trouble falling/staying asleep, sleeping too much
Feeling tired or having little energy
Poor appetite or overeating
Feeling bad about yourself - or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down
Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper
Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite - being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot mroe than usual
Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way
If any 1-9 = any yes,
How difficult have these problems made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people?
Have you ever suffered from physical complaints or pain for several months, which your doctor could not find a clear explanation for?
Have you ever had an anxiety attack - some would also call it a panic attack - in which you were suddenly overwhelmed by a strong feeling of fear, anxiety or agitation?
Has there ever been a period in your life of one month or longer, in which you often worried and were feeling anxious, tense or full of anxious concerns?
Have you ever suffered from strong unfounded fear of social situations, talking to others, perform something in the presence of others or be in the center of attention of others?
Have you ever suffered from strong unfounded fear of public places, using public transport or visiting shops?
Have you ever suffered from strong unfounded fear of situations such as the use of elevators, tunnels, aircraft - or of heights or thunderstorms?
Have you ever suffered almost daily from feelings of sadness or depression for more than 2 weeks?
Have you ever suffered almost daily from feelings of loss of interest, tiredness or lethargy for more than 2 weeks?
Have you ever been unusually happy, overexcited or irritable for several days which made your friends or relatives worry?
Have you ever regularly consumed alcohol (more than 2 glasses of beer or wine) or taken stimulants, tranquilizers, sleeping pills or pain-killing tablets (with or without a doctor's prescription) over several weeks?
Have there ever been any extremely stressful and horrible events or disasters in your life that still affect you today?
Have you ever been in psychiatric, psychological or psychotherapeutical treatment, or have you had a doctor or therapist diagnose you with a mental or psychosomatic illness? If so, what illness?
During the past week: 
I was bothered by things that usually don't bother me
I did not feel like eating, me appetite was poor
I felt that I could not shake off the blues even with help from my family or friends
I felt that I was just as good as other people
I had trouble keeping my mind on what I was doing
I felt depressed
I felt that everything I did was an effort
I felt hopeful about the future
I thought my life had been a failure
I felt fearful
My sleep was restless
I was happy
I talked less than usual
I felt lonely
People were unfriendly
I enjoyed life
I had crying spells
I felt sad
I felt that people dislike me
I could not get 'going'
This scale consists of a number of words that describe different feelings and emotions. Read each item and then choose the best response from the options on the right. Indicate the extent you have felt this way over the past week.
Interested
Distressed
Excited
Upset
Strong
Guilty
Scared
Hostile
Enthusiastic
Proud
Irritable
Alert
Ashamed
Inspired
Nervous
Determined
Attentive
Jittery
Active
Afraid
Would you say that in general your health is...
Now thinking about your physical health, which includes physical illness and injury, for how many days during the past 30 days was your physical health not good?
Now thinking about your mental health, which includes stress, depression, and problems with emotions, how many days during the past 30 days was your mental health not good?
During the past 30 days, for about how many days did poor physical or mental health keep you from doing your usual activities, such as self-care, work, or recreation?
During the past month, other than your regular job, did you participate in any physical activities or exercises such as running, calisthenics, golf, gardening, or walking for exercise?
On average, how many hours of sleep do you get in a 24-hour period?
How well do you sleep?
Has a doctor, nurse, or other health professional ever told you that you had:
A depressive disorder, including depression, major depression, dysthymia, or minor depression
[If diagnosed with Alcohol Use Disorder]
During the past two weeks:
Were you unable to stop drinking once you started?
Because of alcohol use you were unable to carry out other activities?
Did you need alcoholic drink in the morning to feel fit again after an evening of alcohol consumption?
Felt guilty or remorse due to alcohol use?
[If diagnosed with Depressive Disorder]
During the past two weeks:
Little interest or pleasure in doing things?
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?
Trouble falling asleep or staying asleep, or sleeping too much?
Feeling tired or having little energy?
Poor appetite or overeating?
Feeling bad about yourself – or that you are a failure of have let yourself or your family down?
Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television?
Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite – being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual?
Thoughts that you would be better off dead, or of hurting yourself?
Have you been deliberately trying to limit the amount of food you eat to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
Have you gone for long periods of time (8 waking hours or more) without eating anything at all in order to influence your shape or weight?
Have you tried to exclude from your diet any foods that you like in order to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
Have you tried to follow definite rules regarding your eating (for example, a calorie limit) in order to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
Have you had a definite desire to have an empty stomach with the aim of influencing your shape or weight?
Have you had a definite desire to have a totally flat stomach?
Has thinking about food, eating or calories made it very difficult to concentrate on things that you are interested in (for example, working, following a conversation or reading)?
Has thinking about shape or weight made it very difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in  (for example, working, following a conversation or reading)?
Have you had a def inite fear of losing control over eating?
Have you had a definite fear that you might gain weight?
Have you felt fat?
Have you had a strong desire to lose weight?
Over the past 28 days:
How many times have you eaten what other people would regard as an unusually large amount of food (given the circumstances)?
On how many of these times did you have a sense of having lost control over your eating (at the time you were eating)?
How many days have such episodes of overeating occurred?
How many times have you made yourself sick (vomit) as a means of controlling you shape or weight?
How many times have you taken laxatives as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
How many times have you exercised in a 'driven' or 'compulsive' way as a means of controlling your weight, shape, amount of fat, or to burn off calories?
Over the past 28 days (do not count episodes of binge eating):
On how many days have you eaten in secret?
On what proportion of the times that you hav eaten have you felt guilty because of its effect on your shape or weight?
How concerned have you been about other people seeing you eat?
On how many days over the past 28 days:
Has your weight influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
Has your shape influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
How much would it have upset you if you had been asked to weigh yourself once a week for the next four weeks?
How dissatisfied have you been with your weight?
How dissatisfied have you been with your shape?
How uncomfortable have you felt seeing your body?
How uncomfortable have you felt about others seeing your shape or figure?
What is your weight at present?
What is your height?
If female:
Over the past three to four months have you missed any menstrual periods?
How many?
Have you been taking the pill?
During the past two weeks:
Have you craved for a specific food but couldn’t access that food immediately due to the Coronavirus/COVID-19-crisis?
If 1 = yes, 
What have you done instead of eating?
On how many days have you picked at, nibbled, or grazed food repeatedly (more than twice in the same time period during the day) outside of planned meals and snacks?
On how many days have you deliberately tried to limit the amounts of food you eat, to cut any foods from your diet that you like, or to follow definite rules regarding your eating to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
On how many days has thinking about your weight, shape, food, eating, or calories made it difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in (for example, working, following a conversation, or reading)?
Has your weight, shape or eating influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
On how many days have you engaged in ‘binge eating’, i.e. eating an unusually large amount of food and experiencing a feeling of loss of control?
On how many days have you made yourself sick (vomit) as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
On how many days have you taken laxatives, diuretics, or diet pills as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
How distressed have you been by your eating behaviours, the measures you've taken to control your weight, or concerns about your weight and shape?
During the past 14 days, how much were you distressed by:
The idea that someone else can control your thoughts
Feeling others are to blame for most of your troubles
Feeling that most people cannot be trusted
Feeling lonely even when you are with people
Feeling that you are watched or talked about by others
The idea that you should be punished for your sins
Never feeling close to another person
Others not giving you proper credit for your achievements
Feeling that people will take advantage of you if you let them
The idea that something is wrong with your mind
When I smell a delicious food, I find it very difficult to keep from eating, even if I have just finished a meal.
I deliberately take small helpings as a means of controlling my weight.
When I feel anxious, I find myself eating.
Sometimes when I start eating, I just can’t seem to stop.
Being with someone who is eating often makes me hungry enough to eat also.
When I feel blue, I often overeat.
When I see a real delicacy, I often get so hungry that I have to eat right away.
I get so hungry that my stomach often seems like a bottomless pit.
I am always hungry so it is hard for me to stop eating before I finish the food on my plate.
When I feel lonely, I console myself by eating.
I consciously hold back at meals in order not to weight gain.
I do not eat some foods because they make me fat.
I am always hungry enough to eat at any time.
How often do you feel hungry?
How frequently do you avoid “stocking up” on tempting foods?
How likely are you to consciously eat less than you want?
Do you go on eating binges though you are not hungry?
On a scale of 1 to 8, where 1 means no restraint in eating (eating whatever you want, whenever you want it) and 8 means total restraint (constantly limiting food intake and never “giving in”), what number would you give yourself?
During the past 30 days, about how often did you feel:
a. Nervous?
b. Hopeless?
c. Restless or fidgety?
d. So depressed that nothing could cheer you up?
e. That everything was an effort?
f. Worthless?
Did these feelings occur more often in the past 30 days than is usual for you, about the same as usual, or less often than usual?
During the past 30 days, how many days out of 30 were you totally unable to work or carry out your normal activities because of these feelings?
Not counting the days you reported in the previous questions, how many days in the past 30 were you able to do only half or less of what you would normally have been able to do, because of these feelings?
During the past 30 days, how many times did you see a doctor or other health professional about these feelings?
During the past 30 days, how often have physical health problems been the main cause of these feelings?
During the past two weeks:
Have you craved for a specific food but couldn’t access that food immediately due to the Coronavirus/COVID-19-crisis?
What have you done instead of eating?
On how many days have you picked at, nibbled, or grazed food repeatedly (more than twice in the same time period during the day) outside of planned meals and snacks?
On how many days have you deliberately tried to limit the amounts of food you eat, to cut any foods from your diet that you like, or to follow definite rules regarding your eating to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
On how many days has thinking about your weight, shape, food, eating, or calories made it difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in (for example, working, following a conversation, or reading)?
On how many days have you engaged in ‘binge eating’, i.e. eating an unusually large amount of food and experiencing a feeling of loss of control?
On how many days have you made yourself sick (vomit) as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
On how many days have you taken laxatives, diuretics, or diet pills as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
Has your weight, shape or eating influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
How distressed have you been by your eating behaviours, the measures you've taken to control your weight, or concerns about your weight and shape?
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
If 1 = any drinking,
How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have six or more drinks on one occasion?
For the next 27 choices, please indicate which reward you would prefer: the smaller reward today, or the larger reward in the specified number of days.
Would you prefer $54 today, or $55 in 117 days?
Would you prefer $55 today, or $75 in 61 days?
Would you prefer $19 today, or $25 in 53 days?
Would you prefer $31 today, or $85 in 7 days?
Would you prefer $14 today, or $25 in 19 days?
Would you prefer $47 today, or $50 in 160 days?
Would you prefer $15 today, or $35 in 13 days?
Would you prefer $25 today, or $60 in 14 days?
Would you prefer $78 today, or $80 in 162 days?
Would you prefer $40 today, or $55 in 62 days?
Would you prefer $11 today, or $30 in 7 days?
Would you prefer $67 today, or $75 in 119 days?
Would you prefer $34 today, or $35 in 186 days?
Would you prefer $27 today, or $50 in 21 days?
Would you prefer $69 today, or $85 in 91 days?
Would you prefer $49 today, or $60 in 89 days?
Would you prefer $80 today, or $85 in 157 days?
Would you prefer $24 today, or $35 in 29 days?
Would you prefer $33 today, or $80 in 14 days?
Would you prefer $28 today, or $30 in 179 days?
Would you prefer $34 today, or $50 in 30 days?
Would you prefer $25 today, or $30 in 80 days?
Would you prefer $41 today, or $75 in 20 days?
Would you prefer $54 today, or $60 in 111 days?
Would you prefer $54 today, or $80 in 30 days?
Would you prefer $22 today, or $25 in 136 days?
Would you prefer $20 today, or $55 in 7 days?
For each statement, please state how much you think it describes you.
I daydream and fantasize, with some regularity, about things that might happen to me
I often have tender, concerned feelings for people less fortunate than me
I sometimes find it difficult to see things from the "other guy's" point of view
Sometimes I don't feel very sorry for other people when they are having problems
I really get involved with the feelings of the characters in a novel
In emergency situations, I feel apprehensive and ill-at-ease
I am usually objective when I watch a movie or play, and I don't often get completely caught up in it
I try to look at everybody's side of a disagreement before I make a decision
When I see someone being taken advantage of, I feel kind of protective towards them
I sometimes feel helpless when I am in the middle of a very emotional situation
I sometimes try to understand my friends better by imagining how things look from their perspective
Becoming extremely involved in a good book or movie is somewhat rare for me
When I see someone get hurt, I tend to remain calm
Other people's misfortunes do not usually disturb me a great deal
If I'm sure I'm right about something, I don't waste much time listening to other people's arguments
After seeing a play or movie, I have felt as though I were one of the characters
Being in a tense emotional situation scares me
When I see someone being treated unfairly, I sometimes don't feel very much pity for them
I am usually pretty effective in dealing with emergencies
I am often quite touched by things that I see happen
I believe that there are two sides to every question and try to look at them both
I would describe myself as a pretty soft-hearted person
When I watch a good movie, I can very easily put myself in the place of a leading character
I tend to lose control during emergencies
When I'm upset at someone, I usually try to "put myself in his shoes" for a while
When I am reading an interesting story or novel, I imagine how I would feel if the events in the story were happening to me
When I see someone who badly needs help in an emergency, I go to pieces
Before criticizing somebody, I try to imagine how I would feel if I were in their place
Have you recently,
Been feeling perfectly well and in good health?
Been feeling in need of a good tonic?
Been feeling run down and out of sorts?
Felt that you are ill?
Been getting any pains in your head?
Been getting a feeling of tightness or pressure in your head?
Been having hot or cold spells?
Lost much sleep over worry?
Had difficulty staying asleep once you are off?
Been managing to keep yourself busy and occupied?
Been taking longer over the things you do?
Felt on the whole you were doing things well?
Been satisfied with the way you've carried out your task?
Felt that you are playing a useful part in things?
Felt capable of making decisions about things?
Felt constantly under strain?
Been able to enjoy your normal day-to-day activities?
Been getting edgy and bad-tempered?
Been getting scared or panicky for no good reason?
Found everything getting on top of you?
Been thinking of yourself as a worthless person?
Felt that life is entirely hopeless?
Been feeling nervous and strung-up all the time?
Felt that life isn't worth living?
Thought of the possibility that you might make away with yourself?
Found at times you couldn't do anything because your nerves were too bad?
Found yourself wishing you were dead and away from it all?
Found that the idea of taking your life kept coming into your mind?
Have you ever seen anybody for emotional or psychiatric problems?
Was there ever a time when you, or someone else, thought you should see someone because of the way you were feeling or acting?
Have you ever had the sense that some person or force is around you, even though you cannot see anyone?
Are you sometimes sure that other people can tell what you are thinking?
Have you ever noticed a common event or object that seemed to be a special sign for you?
Do you often pick up hidden threats or put-downs from what people say or do?
When shopping do you get the feeling that other people are taking notice of you?
Have you had experiences with astrology, seeing the future, UFOs, ESP, or a sixth sense?
Do you ever suddenly feel distracted by distant sounds that you are not normally aware of?
Do you often have to keep an eye out to stop people from taking advantage of you?
People sometimes find me aloof and distant
I feel I have to be on my guard even with friends
I feel very uncomfortable in social situations involving unfamiliar people
Have you found that it is best not to let other people know too much about you?
I tend to keep in the background on social occasions
Do you feel that you are unable to get "close" to people?
I feel very uneasy talking to people I do not know myself
I tend to keep my feelings to myself
People sometimes comment on my unusual mannerisms and habits
Some people think that I am a very bizarre person
Some people find me a bit vague and elusive during a conversation
I sometimes use words in unusual ways
I am an odd, unusual person
I find it hard to communicate clearly what I want to say to people
Has there ever been a period of time when you were not your usual self and:
You felt so good or so hyper that other people thought you were not your normal self or you were so hyper that you got into trouble?
You were so irritable that you shouted at people or started fights or arguments?
You felt much more self-confident than usual?
You got much less sleep than usual and found you didn't really miss it?
You were much more talkative or spoke faster than usual?
Thoughts raced through your head or you couldn't slow your mind down?
You were so easily distracted by things around you that you had trouble concentrating or staying on track?
You had much more energy than usual?
You were much more active or did many more things than usual?
You were much more social or outgoing than usual, for example, you telephoned friends in the middle of the night?
You were much more interested in sex than usual?
You did things that were unusual for you or that other people might have thought were excessive, foolish, or risky?
Spending money got you or your family into trouble?
If any 1-13 = yes,
Have several of these ever happened during the same period of time?
How much of a problem did any of these cause you-like being unable to work; having family, money or legal troubles; getting into arguments or fights?
I feel tense or ‘wound up’
I get a sort of frightened feeling as if something awful is about to happen
Worrying thoughts go through my mind
I can sit at ease and feel relaxed
I get a sort of frightened feeling like “butterflies” in the stomach
I feel restless as I have to be on the move
I get sudden feelings of panic
Falling asleep
Sleeping during the night
Waking up too early
Sleeping too much
Feeling sad
Decreased appetite
Increased appetite
Decreased weight
Increased weight
Concentration/decision making
View of myself
Thoughts of suicide or death
General interest
Energy level
Feeling slowed down
Feeling restless
In the last month how often have you...
Felt that you were unable to control the important things in your life?
Felt confident about your ability to handle your personal problems?
Felt that things were going your way?
Have you felt difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them?
I have felt cheerful and in good spirits
I have felt calm and relaxed
I have felt active and vigorous
I woke up feeling fresh and rested
My daily life has been filled with things that interest me
I can work out my problems
I can do most things if I try
There are many things that I do well
At my school, there is a teacher or some other adult who always wants me to do my best
At my school, there is a teacher or some other adult who listens to me when I have something to say
At my school, there is a teacher or some other adult who believes that I will be a success
My family members really help and support one another
There is a feeling of togetherness in my family
My family really gets along well with each other
I have a friend my age who really cares about me
I have a friend my age who talks with me about my problems
I have a friend my age who helps me when I’m having a hard time
Each day I look forward to having a lot of fun
I usually expect to have a good day
Overall, I expect more good things to happen to me than bad things
How accurately do these phrases describe you?
I am the life of the party
I am always prepared
I get stressed out easily
I don't talk a lot
I leave my belongings around
I am relaxed most of the time
I feel comfortable around people
I pay attention to details
I worry about things
I keep in the background
I make a mess of things
I seldom feel blue
I start conversations
I get chores done right away
I am easily disturbed
I have little to say
I often forget to put things back in their proper place
I get upset easily
I talk to a lot of different people
I like order
I change my mood a lot
I shirk my duties
I have frequent mood swings
I follow a schedule
I get irritated easily
I am quiet around strangers
I am exacting in my work
I often feel blue
Does your mood often go up and down?
Are you a talkative person?
Do you ever feel 'just miserable' for no reason?
Are you rather lively?
Are you an irritable person?
Do you enjoy meeting new people?
Are your feelings easily hurt?
Can you usually let yourself go and enjoy yourself at a lively party?
Do you often feel 'fed-up'?
Do you usually take the initiative in making new friends?
Would you call yourself a nervous person?
Can you easily get some life into a rather dull party?
Are you a worrier?
Do you tend to keep in the background on social occasions?
Would you call yourself tense or 'highly-strung'?
Do you like mixing with people?
Do you worry too long after an embarrassing experience?
Do you like plenty of bustle and excitement around you?
Do you suffer from 'nerves'?
Are you mostly quiet when you are with other people?
Do you often feel lonely?
Do other people think of you as being very lively?
Are you often troubled about feelings of guilt?
Can you get a party going?
Have you ever had a time in your life when you felt sad, blue, or depressed for two weeks or more in a row?
Have you ever had a time in your life lasting two weeks or more when you lost interest in most things like hobbies, work, or activities that usually give you pleasure?
How much of the day did these feelings usually last?
Did you feel this way:
Did you feel more tired out or low on energy than is usual for you?
Did you gain or lose weight without trying, or did you stay about the same weight?
If 6 = gained or lost weight:
6a. If you gained weight, about how much weight did you gain?
6b. If you lost weight, about how much weight did you lose?
Did your sleep change?
If 7 = yes:
7a. Was that: Trouble falling asleep?
7b. Was that: Waking too early?
7c. Was that: Sleeping too much?
7d. How often did that happen?
Did you have a lot more trouble thinking or concentrating than usual?
People sometimes feel down on themselves, no good, or worthless.  Did you feel this way?
Did you think a lot about death — either your own, someone else’s, or death in general?
Total period of depression/loss of interest in weeks
How many periods like this did you have in your life, lasting two or more weeks?
About how old were you the FIRST time you had a period of two weeks like this?
About how old were you the LAST time you had a period of two weeks like this?
Do you feel that way now?
Have you ever had a period of time lasting at least 2 days when you were feeling so good, 'high, 'excited, or 'hyper' that other people thought you were not your normal self or you were so 'hyper' that you got into trouble?
Have you ever had a period of time lasting at least 2 days when you were so irritable that you found yourself shouting at people or starting fights or arguments?
I was more active than usual
I was more talkative than usual
I needed less sleep
I was more creative or had more ideas
I was so restless I couldn’t sit still
I was much more confident than usual
My thoughts were racing
I was easily distracted
What is the longest time that these ‘high,’ or ‘irritable’ periods have lasted?
How much of a problem have these ‘high,’ or ‘irritable’ periods caused you?
Does your child look away when you call his/her name?
How easy is it for you to get eye contact with your child?
When your child is playing alone, does s/he line objects up?
Can other people easily understand your child's speech?
Does your child point to indicate that s/he wants something (e.g. a toy that is out of reach)?
Does your child point to share interest with you (e.g. pointing at an interesting sight)?
How long can your child's interest be maintained by a spinning object (e.g. washing machine, electric fan, toy car wheels)?
How many words can your child say?
Does your child pretend (e.g. care for dolls, talk on a toy phone)?
Does your child follow where you're looking?
How often does your child sniff or lick unusual objects?
Does your child place your hand on an object when s/he wants to use it (e.g. on a door handle when s/he wants you to open the door, on a toy when s/he wants you to activate it)?
Does your child walk on tiptoe?
How easy is it for your child to adapt when his/her routine changes or when things are out of their usual place?
If you or someone else in the family is visibly upset, does your child show signs of wanting to comfort them (e.g. stroking their hair, hugging them)?
Does your child do the same thing over and over again (e.g. running the tap, turning the light switch on and off, opening and closing doors)?
How would you describe your child's first words?
Does your child echo things s/he hears (e.g. things that you say, lines from songs or movies, sounds)?
Does your child use simple gestures (e.g. wave goodbye)?
Does your child make unusual finger movements near his/her eyes?
Does your child spontaneously look at your face to check your reaction when faced with something unfamiliar?
How long can your child's interest be maintained by just one or two objects?
Does your child twiddle objects repetitively (e.g. pieces of string)?
Does your child seem oversensitive to noise?
Does your child stare at nothing with no apparent purpose?
Does your child make unusual finger movements near his/her eyes?
The Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule - Generic (ADOS-G) is a semi structured, standardised assessment of communication, social interaction, play, and restricted and repetitive behaviours. By observing and coding these behaviours, clinicians can obtain information that informs diagnosis, intervention, treatment planning, and educational placement.
The Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule - Generic (ADOS-G) is a semi structured, standardised assessment of communication, social interaction, play, and restricted and repetitive behaviours. By observing and coding these behaviours, clinicians can obtain information that informs diagnosis, intervention, treatment planning, and educational placement.
The Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule - Second Edition (ADOS-2) is a semi structured, standardised assessment of communication, social interaction, play, and restricted and repetitive behaviours. By observing and coding these behaviours, clinicians can obtain information that informs diagnosis, intervention, treatment planning, and educational placement.
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS 1. Overall, do you think that this child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
IS 2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS 3. Do the difficulties upset or distress your child?
IS 4. Do the difficulties interfere with your child everyday life in the following areas?
A. Home life
B. Friendships
C. Learning
D. Leisure activities
IS 5. Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the family as a whole?
How much do you agree with each statement?
When things happen suddenly, [child] gets very upset.
It bothers him/her when there are things they don't know.
S/he would think that "people should always think about what would happen next. This will stop bad things from happening".
S/he would think that "even if you plan things really well, one little thing can ruin it".
S/he always wants to know what will happen to them in the future.
S/he can't stand it when things happen suddenly.
S/he needs to always be prepared before things happen.
Feeling unsure stops him/her from doing most things.
When s/he's not sure what to do they freeze.
When s/he doesn't know what will happen, they can't do things very well.
The smallest worry can stop them doing things.
S/he tries to get away from all things they are unsure of.
I’ve been feeling optimistic about the future
I’ve been feeling useful
I’ve been feeling relaxed
I’ve been feeling interested in other people
I’ve had energy to spare
I’ve been dealing with problems well
I’ve been thinking clearly
I’ve been feeling good about myself
I’ve been feeling close to other people
I’ve been feeling confident
I’ve been able to make up my own mind about things
I’ve been feeling loved
I’ve been interested in new things
I’ve been feeling cheerful
How often have you:
Been upset because of something that happened unexpectedly?
Felt that you were unable to control the important things in your life?
Felt nervous and "stressed"?
Felt confident about your ability to handle your personal problems?
Felt that things were going your way?
Found that you could not cope with all the things that you had to do?
Been able to control irritations in your life?
Felt that you were on top of things?
Been angered because of things that were outside of your control?
Felt difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them?
The Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule - Second Edition (ADOS-2) is a semi structured, standardised assessment of communication, social interaction, play, and restricted and repetitive behaviours. By observing and coding these behaviours, clinicians can obtain information that informs diagnosis, intervention, treatment planning, and educational placement.
Did your child receive any form of early intervention for developmental delays (such as motor or language delays, or delays in social behaviour) or concerns about delay?
If 1 = yes,
What was the type of service used?
Behavioural intervention
Developmental/relationship-based intervention
Additional aids
Another psychological, educational, or behavioural intervention
Speech and language therapy
Occupational therapy/physiotherapy
Parent training/coaching/counselling
If any 2-8 = yes,
What date did this start?
Are they still receiving intervention?
Are they individual or group sessions?
What is the setting?
What are the average hours per week?
Has your child ever visited preschool/nursery/kindergarten, or is your child currently attending preschool/nursery/kindergarten?
If 14 = yes,
What kind of provision is this?
What date did this start?
Are they still going?
What are the average hours per week?
Did your child receive complementary or alternative therapies used to treat symptoms of autism (e.g. diet, acupuncture, homeotherapy, massage, osteotherapy, sensory integration therapy)?
Did your child receive pharmacological interventions used to treat symptoms of autism?
If any 19-20 = yes,
What was the type of alternative therapy/medical intervention?
What was the start date?
Are they still receiving this intervention?
Expresses his/her feelings openly
Does not seem to know “right” from “wrong”
Cares about their work or schoolwork 
Does not care who he/she hurts to get what he/she wants
Feels bad or guilty when he/she has done something wrong
Does not show emotions
Does not care about being on time
Is concerned about the feelings of others
Cares if he/she is in trouble
Does not let feelings control him/her
Does not care about doing things well
Seems very cold and uncaring
Easily admits to being wrong
It is easy to tell how he/she is feeling
Always tries his/her best
Apologises to people he/she has hurt
Tries not to hurt others’ feelings
Shows no remorse when he/she has done something wrong
Is very expressive and emotional
Does not like to put the time into doing things well
The feelings of others are unimportant to him/her
Hides his/her feelings from others
Works hard on everything
Does things to make others feel good
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often lies or cheats
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Steals from home, school or elsewhere
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS 1. Overall, do you think that this child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
IS 2. How long have these difficulties been present?
IS 3. Do the difficulties upset or distress your child?
IS 4. Do the difficulties interfere with your child everyday life in the following areas?
A. Home life
B. Friendships
C. Learning
D. Leisure activities
IS 5. Do the difficulties put a burden on you or the family as a whole?
I have to think of special thoughts (like numbers or words) to stop bad things from happening
I think about death
I feel like I don't want to move
I worry that I will suddenly get a scared feeling when there is nothing to be afraid of
I am tired a lot
I feel afraid that I will make a fool of myself in front of people
I have to do some things in just the right way to stop bad things from happening
I feel restless
I worry that something bad will happen to me
In the last 6 months, how often have you had the following:
Headache
Stomach Ache
Back Ache
Feeling Low
Irritability Or Bad Temper
Feeling Nervous
Difficulties In Sleeping
Feeling Dizzy
How easy or difficult is it for you to calm or soothe your baby when he/she is upset?
How easy or difficult is it for you to predict when your baby will go to sleep and wake up?
How easy or difficult is it for you to predict when your baby will become hungry?
How easy or difficult is it for you to know what’s bothering your baby when he/she cries or fusses?
How many times per day, on the average, does your baby get fussy and irritable—for either short or long periods of time?
How much does your baby cry and fuss in general?
How did your baby respond to his/her first bath?
How did your baby respond to his/her first solid food?
How does your baby typically respond to a new person?
How does your baby typically respond to being in a new place?
How well does your baby adapt to things (such as in items 7-10) eventually?
How easily does your baby get upset?
When your baby gets upset (e.g., before feeding, during nappy changing, etc.), how vigorously or loudly does he/she cry and fuss?
How does your baby react when you are dressing him/her?
How active is your baby in general?
How much does your baby smile and make happy sounds?
What kind of mood is your baby generally in?
How much does your baby enjoy playing little games with you?
How much does your baby want to be held?
How does your baby respond to disruptions and changes in everyday routine, such as when you go to visit friends or go on outings etc.?
How easy is it for you to predict when your baby will need a nappy change?
How changeable is your baby’s mood?
How excited does your baby become when people play with or talk to him/her?
Please rate the overall degree of difficulty your baby would present for the average mother.
In general, would you say that your health is excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor?
How much does your health limit you:
In moderate activities such as moving a table, pushing a vacuum cleaner, bowling, or playing golf?
In climbing several flights of stairs?
During the past four weeks:
Have you accomplished less than you would like as a result of your physical health?
Were you limited in the kind of work or other regular activities you could do because of your physical health?
Have you accomplished less than you would like as a result of emotional problems, such as feeling depressed or anxious?
Did you not do work or other regular activities as carefully as usual as a result of any emotional problems, such as feeling depressed or anxious?
How much did physical pain interfere with your normal work, including both outside the home and housework?
How much time during the past four weeks:
Have you felt calm and peaceful?
Did you have a lot of energy?
Have you felt down?
During the past four weeks, how much of the time has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with your social activities like visiting with friends, relatives etc?
The next questions are about different sorts of feelings parents might have when caring for young children. For each one please say which is closest to how you feel. 
When I am caring for CM I get feelings of annoyance or irritation…
When I am not with CM I find myself thinking about him/her...
When I have to leave CM...
When I am caring for CM, I feel...
Usually when I am with CM...
Thinking about the things that I have had to give up because of CM...
In the time since CM was born, I have felt down or low...
Of the following, please choose the one item that best describes how you feel about yourself as a parent. Do you feel that you are...
For each question, please select the answer that best describes what CM does at the moment.
Do you know when CM is happy and when he/she is upset?
When CM plays with toys, does he/she look at you to see if you are watching?
Does CM smile or laugh while looking at you?
When you look and point to a toy across the room, does CM look at it?
Does CM let you know that he/she needs help or wants an object out of reach?
When you are not paying attention to CM, does he/she try to get your attention?
Does CM do things just to get you to laugh?
Does CM try to get you to notice interesting objects - just to get you to look at the objects, not to get you to do anything with them?
Still thinking about what CM can currently do, does he/she pick up objects and give them to you?
Does CM show objects to you without giving you the object?
Does CM wave to greet people?
Does CM point to objects?
Does CM nod his/her head to indicate yes?
Does CM use sounds or words to get attention or help?
Does CM string sounds or words together such as uh oh, mama, gaga, bye bye, bada?
About how many of these sounds does CM use: ma, na, ba, da, ga, wa, la, ya, sa, sha
Still thinking about what CM currently does, how many different words does CM use so that you know what he/she means?
Does CM put two words together (such as 'more biccies', bye-bye mummy)?
When you call CM's name, does he/she respond by looking or turning toward you?
About how many different words or phrases does CM understand without showing or pointing?
Does CM show interest in playing with a variety of objects?
About how many of the following objects does your child use appropriately: cup, bottle, bowl, spoon, comb or brush, toothbrush, washcloth, ball, toy vehicle, toy telephone?
About how many blocks (or rings) can CM stack?
Does your child pretend to play with toys (for example, feed a stuffed animal, put a doll to sleep, put an animal figure in a vehicle)?
CM is considerate of others' feelings
CM is restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
CM often complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
CM shares readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc)
CM often has temper tantrums
CM is rather solitary, tends to play alone
CM is generally obedient, usually does what adults request
CM has many worries, often seems worried
CM is helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
CM is constantly fidgeting or squirming
CM is has at least one good friend
CM often fights with other children or bullies them
CM is often unhappy, down-hearted or tearful
CM is generally liked by other children
CM is easily distracted
CM is nervous or clingy in new situations
CM is kind to younger children
CM often lies or cheats
CM is kicked on or bullied by other children
CM often volunteers to help others
CM thinks before acting
CM is steals from home, school or elsewhere
CM gets on better with adults than with other children
CM has many fears, is easily scared
CM sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
IS1. Overall, do you think that your child has difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
If IS1 = yes
Do the difficulties interfere with your child's everyday life in the following areas?
Friendships?
Classroom learning?
How often do you have a drink that contains alcohol?
If 1 = any alcohol use,
How many units of alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often in the last year have you found you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
How often in the last year have you failed to do what was expected of you because of drinking?
Has a relative/friend/doctor/health worker been concerned about your drinking or advised you to cut down?
How often do you have 6 or more units of alcohol on one occasion?
I am restless, I cannot stay still for long
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I am easily distracted, I find it difficult to concentrate
I think before I do things
I finish the work I'm doing
For each question, please select the answer that best describes what CM does at the moment.
When you look and point to a toy across the room, does CM look at it?
Does CM let you know that he/she needs help or wants an object out of reach?
Does CM do things just to get you to laugh?
Does CM try to get you to notice interesting objects - just to get you to look at the objects, not to get you to do anything with them?
Still thinking about what CM can currently do, does he/she pick up objects and give them to you?
Does CM show objects to you without giving you the object?
Does CM wave to greet people?
Does CM point to objects?
Does CM nod his/her head to indicate yes?
When you call CM's name, does he/she respond by looking or turning toward you?
About how many different words or phrases does CM understand without showing or pointing?
How often do you have a drink that contains alcohol?
If 1 = any alcohol use,
How many units of alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have 6 or more units of alcohol on one occasion?
When practicing an activity, CM has a hard time keeping his/her mind on it
CM will move from one task to another without completing any of them
CM can wait before entering into new activities if he/she is asked to
CM prepares for trips and outings by planning things he/she will need
CM has trouble sitting still when he/she is told to (at movies, church etc)
When drawing or colouring in a book, CM shows strong concentration
CM is good at following instructions
When building or putting something together, CM becomes very involved in what he/she is doing, and works for long periods
CM approaches places s/he has been told are dangerous slowly and cautiously
CM can easily stop an activity when he/she is told 'no.'
CM is easily distracted when listening to a story
CM sometimes becomes absorbed in a picture book and looks at it for a long time
It is important to me not to appear nervous
when I cannot keep my mind on a task, I worry that I might be going crazy
It scares me when I feel “shaky” (trembling)
It scares me when I feel faint
It is important to me to stay in control of my emotions
It scares me when my heart beats rapidly
It embarrasses me when my stomach growls
It scares me when I am nauseous
When I notice that my heart is beating rapidly, I worry that I might have a heart attack
It scares me when I become short of breath
When my stomach is upset, I worry that I might be seriously ill
It scares me when I am unable to keep my mind on a task
Other people notice when I feel shaky
Unusual body sensations scare me
When I am nervous, I worry that I might be mentally ill
It scares me when I am nervous
I feel tense or wound up
I still enjoy the things I used to enjoy
I get a sort of frightened feeling as if something awful is about to happen
I can laugh and see the funny side of things
Worrying thoughts go through my mind
I feel cheerful
I can sit at ease and feel relaxed
I feel as if I am slowed down
I get a sort of frightened feeling like butterflies in my stomach
I have lost interest in my appearance
I feel restless as if I have to be on the move
I look forward with enjoyment to things
I get sudden feelings of panic
I can enjoy a good book or radio, TV programme
I am often confused about what emotion I am feeling
It is difficult for me to find the right words for my feelings
I have physical sensations that even doctors don’t understand
I am able to describe my feelings easily
I prefer to analyse problems rather than just describe them
When I am upset, I don’t know if I am sad, frightened, or angry
I am often puzzled by sensations in my body
I prefer to just let things happen rather than to understand why they turned out that way
I have feelings that I can’t quite identify
Being in touch with emotions is essential
I find it hard to describe how I feel about people
People tell me to describe my feelings more
I don’t know what’s going on inside me
I often don’t know why I’m angry
I prefer talking to people about their daily activities rather than their feelings
I prefer to watch “light” entertainment shows rather than psychological drama
It is difficult for me to reveal my innermost feelings, even to close friends
I can feel close to someone, even in moments of silence
I find examination of my feelings useful in solving personal problems
Looking for hidden meanings in movies or plays distracts from their enjoyment
Please tick the box that best describes how your fear of vomiting has affected you over the past week, including today:
I have been worrying about myself or others vomiting
I have been avoiding adults or children because of my fear of vomiting
I have been avoiding situations or activities because of my fear of vomiting
I have been trying to find reasons to explain why I feel nauseous
I have been avoiding objects that other people have touched because of my fear of vomiting
I have been focused on whether I feel ill and could vomit rather than on my surroundings
I have been looking at others to see if they may be ill and vomiting
If I think I am going to vomit, I do something to try to stop myself from vomiting
I have been trying to avoid or control any thoughts or images about vomiting
I have been restricting the amount or type of food I eat or alcohol I drink because of my fear of vomiting
I have been feeling nauseous
I have been thinking about how to stop myself or others from vomiting
I have been seeking reassurance that I or others will not be ill and vomit
I have escaped from situations because I am afraid I or others may vomit
I like to go from one group of children to another and talk
I make friends easily
I like friends better than books
I find it easy to start speaking to a new pupil
I keep quiet when I am with other people
I like to spend my holiday at some quiet place
I make up my mind without much thinking
I would sooner say than write what I think
I feel at home at parties
I like to belong to clubs
I like to play rough sports
I worry about the little mistakes I make
I think of clever things to say afterwards when it is too late
I like to take charge of things for the teacher
I like asking questions in class
I get angry about nothing
I fall and trip over things
I often talk to myself
I often have ideas running through my head so that I cannot sleep
I think there are too many things I am not allowed to do
I dislike people who are not tough
I hate being pushed around by older people
I am always afraid that sad things will happen to me
I often think people follow me at night
I worry about getting ill
I think most people make too much fuss over animals
I get angry when other children criticise me
I am afraid of thunder
I often feel sad for no reason at all
I say one thing and do another
I find I have to stick up for myself because no one else will stick up for me
I find it is usually safer to do things alone
I feel I am tougher than most people of my age
I usually feel tired and worn out
I make believe I am somebody else
I sometimes feel like hitting people
I think most people will tell lies to keep out of trouble
I find that very few people can be trusted
I think most people respect you if you are tough
I believe almost anything that anybody tells me
I find it hard to forget a wrong that’s been done to me
I feel I get blamed for things I did not do
I am unconcerned about what others think of me
I feel I have a right to fight for what I want
I can make children frightened of me easily
Are you happiest when you get involved in some project that calls for rapid action?
Do you sometimes feel happy, sometimes depressed, without any apparent reason?
Does your mind often wander while you are trying to concentrate?
Do you usually take the initiative in making new friends?
Are you inclined to be quick and sure in your actions?
Are you frequently lost in thought’ even when supposed to be taking part in a conversation?
Are you sometimes bubbling over with energy and sometimes very sluggish?
Would you rate yourself as a lively individual?
Would you be very unhappy if you were prevented from making numerous social contacts?
Are you inclined to be moody?
Do you have frequent ups and downs in mood, either with or without apparent cause?
Do you prefer action to planning for action?
Have you felt on edge or keyed up or mentally tense?
Have you been in low spirits or felt miserable?
Have you felt particularly low or depressed first thing in the mornings?
Have you had the feeling that something terrible might happen?
Have you had days when your thoughts were muddled or slow?
Have you had no appetite, not counting periods of physical illness?
Have you been in situations, such as in a crowd or an enclosed space or meeting people, when you became unduly anxious?
Have you been in situations when you felt shaky or sweaty or your heart pounded or you could not get your breath?
Have you had trouble getting off to sleep?
Have you had trouble with waking up and not being able to get back to sleep?
Have you been frightened or worried about becoming ill or about dying?
Have you felt fidgety or restless?
Have you found it hard to concentrate on things or found your thoughts drifting off to other things?
Have there been days when you tired out very easily?
Have there been days when you found it difficult to get things done or had trouble getting started on things?
Have you had the feeling that the future does not hold much for you?
In the last year have you ever: 
Felt that life is hardly worth living?
If 17 = yes,
Thought that you really would be better off dead?
If 18 = yes,
Thought about taking your own life?
If 19 = yes,
Made plans to take your own life?
If 20 = yes,
Attempted to take your own life?
Ask all,
Looking back over your adult life have nervous or emotional troubles ever stopped you from working or doing domestic chores or having social contacts for a fortnight or longer?
Over the past year,
Have there been any times when you felt very happy indeed without a break for days on end?
Have you felt that your thoughts were directly interfered with or controlled by some outside force or person?
Have there been times when you felt people were against you?
Have there been times when you felt that something strange was going on?
Have there been times when you heard or saw things that other people couldn't?
I like what I look like in pictures
I am proud of my body
I am preoccupied with trying to change my body weight
I like what I see when I look in the mirror
There are lots of things I’d change about my looks if I could
I am satisfied with my weight
I wish I looked better
I really like what I weigh
I wish I looked like someone else
My looks upset me
I’m pretty happy about the way I look
I feel I weigh the right amount for my height
I feel ashamed of how I look
Weighing myself depresses me
My weight makes me unhappy
I worry about the way I look
I think I have a good body
I’m looking as nice as I’d like to
Are you inclined to be moody?
Do you sometimes feel happy, sometimes depressed without adequate reason?
Does your mind often wander when you are trying to concentrate?
Do you have frequent ups and downs in mood either with or without apparent cause?
Are you sometimes bubbling over with energy and sometimes sluggish?
Are you frequently 'lost in thought' even when supposed to be taking part in a conversation?
How accurately does each statement describe you?
I am the life of the party
I feel little concern for others
I am always prepared
I don’t talk a lot
I am interested in people
I leave my belongings around
I feel comfortable around people
I insult people
I pay attention to details
I keep in the background
I sympathise with others’ feelings
I make a mess of things
I start conversations
I am not interested in other people’s problems
I get chores done right away
I have little to say
I have a soft heart
I often forget to put things back in their proper place
I talk to a lot of different people at parties
I am not really interested in others
I like order
I don’t like to draw attention to myself
I take time out for others
I shirk my duties
I don’t mind being the centre of attention
I feel others’ emotions
I follow a schedule
I am quiet around strangers
I make people feel at ease
I am exacting in my work
Please indicate how much you have been bothered by each problem in the last month.
Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts, or images of a stressful experience from the past?
Repeated, disturbing dreams of a stressful experience from the past?
Suddenly acting or feeling as if a stressful experience were happening again (as if you were reliving it)?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience from the past?
Having physical reactions (e.g. heart pounding, trouble breathing or sweating) when something reminded you of a stressful experience from the past?
Avoid thinking or talking about a stressful experience from the past or avoiding having feeling related to it?
Avoid activities or situations because they remind you of a stressful experience from the past?
Trouble remembering important parts of a stressful experience fro the past?
Loss of interest in things that you used to enjoy?
Feeling distant or cut off from the other people?
Feeling emotionally numb or being unable to have loving feelings fro those close to you?
Feeling as if your future will somehow be cut short?
Trouble falling or staying asleep?
Feeling irritable or having angry outbursts?
Having difficulty concentrating?
Being 'super alert' or watchful on guard?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
I felt depressed
I felt that everything I did was an effort
My sleep was restless
I was happy
I felt lonely
I enjoyed life
I could not get "going"
How would you rate your quality of life?
How satisfied are you with your health?
To what extent do you feel that physical pain prevents you from doing what you need to do?
How much do you need any medical treatment to function in your daily life?
How much do you enjoy life?
To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?
How well are you able to concentrate?
How safe do you feel in your daily life?
How healthy is your physical environment?
Do you have enough energy for everyday life?
Are you able to accept your bodily appearance?
Have you enough money to meet your needs?
How available to you is the information that you need in your day-to-day life?
To what extent do you have the opportunity for leisure activities?
How well are you able to get around?
How satisfied are you with your sleep?
How satisfied are you with you ability to perform your daily living activities?
How satisfied are you with your capacity for work?
How satisfied are you with yourself?
How satisfied are you with your personal relationships?
How satisfied are you with your sex life?
How satisfied are you with support you get from your friends?
How satisfied are you with the conditions of your living place?
How satisfied are you with your access to health services?
How satisfied are you with your transport?
How often do you have negative feelings such as blue mood, despair, anxiety, depression?
I feel tense or "wound up"
I get a sort of frightened feeling as if something awful is about to happen
Worrying thoughts go through my mind
I can sit at ease and feel relaxed
I get a sort of frightened feeling like "butterflies" in the stomach
I feel restless as if I have to be on the move
I get sudden feelings of panic
Please say how much you agree or disagree with each other following statements, depending on how true they are for you.
I can always manage to solve difficult problems if I try hard enough
I can find a way to get what I want even if someone is trying to stop me
It is easy for me to stick to my aims and reach my goals
I am calm when things are difficult because I know I can cope
If I am in trouble I can usually find a way out
Many items, including:
Role limitations due to emotional problems domain (Impairment - mental health problems) 
During the past 4 weeks, have you had any of the following problems with your work or other daily activities as a result of any emotional problems:
Cut down the amount of time you spent on work or other activities?
Accomplished less than you would like?
Not done your work or other activities as carefully as usual?
Mental health focused items:
Did you feel full of life?
Have  you been a very nervous person?
Have you felt so down in the dumps that nothing could cheer you up?
Have you felt calm and cheerful?
Did you have a lot of energy?
Have you felt downhearted and low?
Did you feel worn out?
Have you been a happy person?
Did you feel tired?
Social functioning
During the past 4 weeks, how much of the time has your physical health or emotional problems interfered with your social activities (like visiting friends, relatives etc)? 
Often argues with adults
Often deliberately does things that annoy other people
Often touchy or easily annoyed by others
Often angry and resentful
Often spiteful or vindictive
Does your child ever spend time with other children of a similar age?
Tries to be fair in games
Restless; runs about or jumps up and down, doesn’t keep still
Considerate of other people’s feelings
Squirmy, fidgety
Destroys own or other’s belongings
Spontaneously affectionate to family members
Fights with other children
Not much liked by other children
Volunteers to help around the house or garden
Is worried; worries about many things
Tends to do things on own; rather solitary
Irritable, quick to fly off the handle
Will try to help someone who has been hurt
Appears miserable, unhappy, tearful or distressed
Has twitches, mannerisms, or tics of the face and body
Bites nails or fingers
Is disobedient
Kind to younger children
Has poor concentration, or short attention span
Tends to be afraid of new things or new situations
Helps other children who are feeling ill
Fussy, or over particular
Tells lies
Has wet or soiled self this year
Comforts a child who is upset
Has stutter or stammer
Has other speech difficulty
Plays imaginatively, enjoys ‘pretend’ games
Bullies other children
Inattentive
Gets on well with other children
Doesn’t share toys
Cries easily
Forceful, determined child
Blames others for things
Shares out treats with friends
Gives up easily
Inconsiderate of others
Independent, confident child
Kicks, bites other children
Kind to animals
Stares into space, (stares blankly)
Tries to stop quarrels and fights
Tries to be fair in games
Restless, runs about or jumps up and down. Doesn’t keep still
Considerate of other people’s feelings
Squirmy, fidgety
Destroys own or other’s belongings
Strongly refuses or resists sleeping alone
Spontaneously affectionate to family members
Has difficulty completing one activity before changing to another
Fights with other children
Not much liked by other children
Volunteers to help around the house or garden
Touches things s/he is not allowed to
Is worried, worries about many things
Tends to do things on own, rather solitary
Irritable, quick to fly off the handle
Will try to help someone who has been hurt
Appears miserable, unhappy tearful or distressed
Has twitches, mannerisms, or tics of the face and body
Bites nails or fingers
Is disobedient
Kind to younger children
Often complains of stomach aches, headaches or feeling sick
Has poor concentration, or short attention span
Tends to be afraid of new things or new situations
Helps other children who are feeling ill
Fussy, or over particular
Tells lies
Has wet or soiled self this year
Comforts a child who is upset
Is often extremely upset or distressed when parent leaves
Has stutter or stammer
Has other speech difficulty
Plays imaginatively, enjoys ‘pretend’ games
Is extremely afraid of day to day things such as the dark, water, animals, blood
Bullies other children
Inattentive
Gets on well with other children
Has difficulty waiting for things
Tends to be shy or timid
Doesn’t share toys
Cries easily
Forceful, determined child
Blames others for things
Shares out treats with friends
Takes a long time to warm to strangers
Gives up easily
Inconsiderate of others
Independent, confident child
Kicks, bites other children
Kind to animals
Stares into space, stares blankly
Tries to stop quarrels and fights
Does your child use his/her index finger to show INTEREST in something, not just to ask for something (e.g. pointing to an aeroplane, animal or something on TV)?
If you suddenly look up at something interesting, does your child follow your line of gaze to see what caught your attention?
Does your child become upset by small changes in his/her daily routine?
Does your child ever notice small details around him/her that you would not have noticed?
Does your child ever take the word for a type of object as only the label for a specific object (e.g. using “dog” for only the next-door neighbour’s dog, or “cup” for only his/her own cup)?
Does your child ever take the word for a whole object as the label for only part of the object (e.g. using “shoe” for “shoelace” or “flower” for “petal”)?
Does your child produce meaningless, but fluent and “tuneful” speech, so that it sounds a bit like a foreign language?
Does your child like to “echo” what other people say (e.g. if you say “where is your coat?”, s/he might say “your coat”, rather than answering the question)?
Does your child like to recite nursery rhymes, or “jingles” from advertisements?
Has your child’s language ever seemed to go into decline so that s/he no longer knows words that s/he used before?
Is afraid of small closed spaces, heights, water, or the dark
Takes a long time to warm to strangers
Is afraid in social situations
Tends to check that some things are done exactly ‘right’
Asks for reassurance that s/he is OK
Anxious that bad things will happen
Insists on doing something over and over so that it interferes with day to day life
Tends to be shy or timid
Is afraid of medical procedures such as going to see the doctor/dentist
Has twitches, mannerisms, or tics of the face and body
Does not show feelings or emotions
Is concerned about how well he/she does at school
Feels bad or guilty when he/she does something wrong
Brags about accomplishments
Teases other people
Thinks he/she is more important than others
Often lies or cheats
Becomes angry when corrected
Can turn on the charm to get what s/he wants
Notices small details others might miss
Has unusual eye gaze, facial expression, or gestures
Is extremely distressed by changes to routine or familiar arrangements
Can take hints and keep secrets; can be discreet
Often says things that are embarrassing for others, without realising
Has odd style of communication; old-fashioned, formal, or pedantic
Has a strong interest in an unusual topic
Is afraid of medical procedures such as going to see the doctor or dentist
Insists on doing something over and over so that it interferes with day to day life
Is afraid of animals or insects (like dogs, spiders, snakes, or insects)
Strongly refuses or resists sleeping alone
Doesn’t enjoy him/herself
Often makes comments critical of him/herself
Tends to check that some things are done exactly ‘right’
Complains or whines a lot
Is afraid of small closed spaces, heights, water or the dark
Fussy about keeping his/her hands clean
Has low self-confidence
Fussy or over particular
Tends to blame him/herself
Is often extremely upset or distressed when parent leaves
Is afraid in social situations
Tends to be shy or timid
Takes a long time to warm to strangers
Seems keyed up, on edge or tense
Asks for reassurance that s/he is OK
Anxious that bad things will happen
Does [CM] have repeated tics or twitches (e.g. forceful eye blinking or a rapid head jerk)?
Enjoys pretend games
Is concerned how well he/she does at school
Feels bad or guilty when he/she does something wrong
Brags about accomplishments
His/her emotions seem shallow and not genuine
Does not show feelings or emotions
Teases other people
Thinks he/she is more important than others
Can turn on the charm to get what she/he wants
Is afraid of animals or insects (like dogs, spiders, or snakes)
Seems keyed up, on edge, tense
Often makes comments critical of him/herself
Complains or whines a lot
Has low self-confidence
Tends to blame him/herself
Is afraid in social situations
Tends to be shy or timid
Tends to check that some things are done exactly ‘right’
Does not enjoy him/herself
Is afraid of small closed spaces, heights, water or the dark
Fussy about keeping his/her hands clean
Is often extremely upset or distressed when parent leaves
Fussy or over particular
Asks for reassurance that she/he is OK
Insists on doing something over and over so that it interferes with day to day life
Anxious that bad things will happen
Does [CM] have repeated tics or twitches (e.g. forceful eye blinking or a rapid head jerk)?
Able to keep a two-way conversation going
Has an unusual memory for specific details
Unusual eye gaze, facial expression, voice or gestures
Prefers imaginative activities such as role-playing or storytelling, rather than numbers or lists of facts
Important to him/ her to fit in with the peer group
Tends to take things literally
Odd style of communication: old fashioned, formal or pedantic
Has a strong interest in an unusual topic
Likes to do things over and over again, in the same way all the time
Finds it easy to interact with other children
Has mostly the same interests as peers
People are important to him/her
Often does or says things that are tactless or socially inappropriate
Makes unusual or repetitive movements
Social behaviour is very one-sided and always on his/ her own terms
Loses the listener because of not explaining what s/he is talking about
Cares how s/he is perceived by the rest of the class
Turns conversations to his/her favourite subject rather than following what the other person wants to talk about.
Doesn’t pay attention to details; makes careless mistakes
Has trouble keeping his/her mind on work or on other tasks for long
Does not seem to listen to what is being said to him/her
Does not follow through on instructions and fails to complete academic assignments (even when he/she understands and is trying to cooperate)
Has trouble organizing tasks or activities
Avoids or dislikes things that take a lot of effort and are not fun
Loses things (for example, pencils, books, tools or keys)
Is easily distracted by external stimuli (for example, sights or sounds)
Is forgetful in daily activities
Fidgets or squirms in seat
Leaves seat when he/she should stay seated
Restless or overactive
Finds it difficult to be quiet when engaging in leisure activities
Acts as if driven by a motor, constantly on the go
Talks too much
Blurts out answers before the question has been completed
Has difficulty waiting for his/her turn
Interrupts others (for example, butts into conversations or games)
Tends to be afraid of new things or situations
Acts younger than his/her age
Gets too physically close to strangers
Often unhappy, tearful or distressed
Too cuddly with people s/he doesn’t know well
Apathetic (“can’t be bothered”)
Often asks very personal questions even though s/he does not mean to be rude
Can be aggressive towards him/herself e.g. using bad language about him/herself, headbanging, cutting, etc
Has few friends
Has no conscience
Too friendly with strangers
Wants to be with you all the time (very “clingy”)
Difficult to comfort when scared or upset
Sometimes looks frozen with fear, without an obvious reason
Demanding or attention seeking
If you approach him/her, s/he often runs away or refuses to be approached
There is a false quality to the affection s/he gives
If you approach him/her, you never know whether s/he will be friendly or unfriendly
Thinks s/he is more important than others
Gets bored easily
Acts without thinking of the consequences
Brags excessively about his/her abilities, accomplishments, or possessions
Becomes angry when corrected or punished
Lies easily and skilfully
Can be charming at times, but in ways that seem insincere or superficial
Teases or makes fun of other people
Is concerned about the feelings of others
Keeps the same friends
Is good at keeping promises
His/her emotions seem shallow and not genuine
Does not plan ahead or leaves things until last minute
Uses or ‘cons’ other people to get what s/he wants
Blames others for his/her mistakes
Engages in risky or dangerous activities
Is concerned about how well s/he does at school
Feels bad or guilty when s/he does something wrong
Does not show feelings or emotions
Engages in illegal activities
I think it is important to fit in with my friends (e.g. choose cool clothes, do the same things together)
Other people sometimes think my way of talking is odd or unusual
I have a special interest that other people think is strange or unusual
Other people often tell me that my behaviour is a bit too focused on myself
I sometimes find it difficult to keep a conversation going
I like most of same hobbies and interests as my friends
Other people often tell me that I have a nervous habit like tapping my feet or rocking
I find it easy to remember facts and little details
I often say something rude or embarrassing by mistake
I like to talk about my favourite interest even if other people do not want to talk about it
Other people often tell me that they cannot follow what I am saying
I like to stick to routines even if this bothers other people
It is very important to me to do certain things over and over again in exactly the same way
I like stories and make-believe games more than numbers and facts
If I find something interesting, I always show it to other people
I sometimes find it difficult to look people in the eye
I find it easy to get on with other children Other people are important to me
I care about what my friends think of me
I sometimes get the wrong end of the stick e.g. taking someone seriously when they are just joking
Insists on doing something over and over so that it interferes with day to day life
Does s/he join in playing games with other children easily?
Does s/he come up to you spontaneously for a chat?
Is it important to him/ her to fit in with the peer group?
Does s/he appear to notice unusual details that others miss?
Does s/he tend to take things literally?
Does s/he like to do things over and over again, in the same way all the time?
Does s/he find it easy to interact with other children?
Can s/he keep a two-way conversation going?
Does s/he mostly have the same interests as his/ her peers?
Does s/he have an interest which takes up so much time that s/he does little else?
Does s/he have friends, rather than just acquaintances?
Does s/he often bring you things s/he is interested in to show you?
Does s/he enjoy joking around?
Does s/he have difficulty understanding the rules for polite behaviour?
Does s/he appear to have an unusual memory for details?
Is his/her voice unusual (e.g. overly adult, flat, or very monotonous)?
Are people important to him/ her?
Is s/he good at turn-taking in conversation?
Does s/he play imaginatively with other children, and engage in role-play?
Does s/he often do or say things that are tactless or socially inappropriate?
Does s/he make normal eye contact?
Does s/he have any unusual or repetitive movements?
Is his/ her social behaviour very one-sided and always on his/her own terms?
Does she/ he sometimes say 'you' or 's/he' when s/he means 'I'?
Does s/he prefer imaginative activities such as play-acting or story-telling, rather than numbers or lists of facts?
Does s/he sometimes lose the listener because of not explaining what s/he is talking about?
Does s/he try to impose routines on him/ herself, or on others, in such a way that it causes problems?
Does s/he care how s/he is perceived by the rest of the group?
Does s/he often turn conversations to his/ her favourite subject rather than following what the other person wants to talk about?
Does s/he have odd or unusual phrases?
To what extent do the following statements describe you?
In uncertain times, I usually expect the best
If something can go wrong for me, it will
I'm always optimistic about the future
I hardly ever expect things to go my way
I rarely count on good things to happen to me
Overall, I expect more good things to happen to me than bad
Didn’t enjoy anything at all 
Felt unreasonably tired, so that he/she just sat around and did nothing
Felt he/she was no good anymore
Cried a lot
Found it hard to think properly or concentrate
Hated him/herself
Felt he/she was a bad person
Felt lonely
Thought nobody really loved him/ her
Thought he/she could never be as good as other kids
Felt he/she did everything wrong
You blame others for your mistakes
You engage in illegal activities
You care about how well you do at school/work
You act without thinking of the consequences
Your emotions are shallow and fake
You lie easily and skilfully
You are good at keeping promises
You brag a lot about your abilities, accomplishments or possessions
You get bored easily
You use or 'con' other people to get what you want
You tease or make fun of other people
You feel bad or guilty when you do something wrong
You do risky or dangerous things
You act charming and nice to get things you want
You get angry when corrected or punished
You think you are better or more important than other people
You do not plan ahead or leave things until the 'last minute'
You are concerned about the feelings of others
You hide your feelings or emotions from others
You keep the same friends
S/he prefers to do things with others rather than on her/his own
S/he prefers to do things the same way over and over again
If s/he tries to imagine something, s/he finds it very easy to create a picture in her/his mind
S/he frequently gets so strongly absorbed in one thing that s/he loses sight of other things
S/he often notices small sounds when others do not
S/he usually notices car number plates or similar strings of information
Other people frequently tell her/him that what s/he has said is impolite, even though s/he thinks it is polite
When s/he is reading a story, s/he can easily imagine what the characters might look like
S/he is fascinated by dates
In a social group, s/he can easily keep track of several different people’s conversations
S/he finds social situations easy
S/he tends to notice details that others do not
S/he would rather go to a library than a party
S/he finds her/himself drawn more strongly to people than to things
S/he tends to have very strong interests, which s/he gets upset about if s/he can’t pursue
When s/he talks, it isn’t always easy for others to get a word in edgeways
S/he is fascinated by numbers
When s/he is reading a story, s/he finds it difficult to work out the characters’ intentions
S/he doesn’t particularly enjoy reading fiction
S/he finds it hard to make new friends
S/he notices patterns in things all the time
It does not upset him/her if his/her daily routine is disturbed
S/he frequently finds that s/he doesn’t know how to keep a conversation going
S/he finds it easy to “read between the lines” when someone is talking to her/him
S/he usually concentrates more on the whole picture, rather than the small details
S/he doesn’t usually notice small changes in a situation, or a person’s appearance
S/he knows how to tell if someone listening to him/her is getting bored
S/he enjoys doing things spontaneously
S/he is often the last to understand the point of a joke
S/he finds it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling just by looking at their face
People often tell her/him that s/he keeps going on and on about the same thing
S/he likes to collect information about categories of things (e.g. types of car, types of bird, types of train, types of plant, etc.)
S/he finds it difficult to imagine what it would be like to be someone else
S/he finds it difficult to work out people’s intentions
New situations make him/her anxious
S/he enjoys meeting new people
S/he is not very good at remembering people’s date of birth
S/he finds it very easy to play games with children that involve pretending
I make careless mistakes or have trouble paying close attention to details
I have trouble keeping my attention focused when playing or working
I have trouble listening to what people say to me
I have trouble finishing my schoolwork or chores
I have problems organising my tasks and activities
I don’t like schoolwork or homework where I have to think a lot
I lose things necessary for tasks and activities (e.g., school assignments, pencils, books, or tools)
I am distracted when things are going on around me
I am forgetful in my daily activities
I have trouble playing or doing leisure activities quietly
I fidget (with hands or feet) or squirm in my seat
I leave my seat when I am not supposed to (e.g. in school)
I am restless or overactive
I am always on the go
I talk too much
I give answers to questions before the questions have been completed
I have trouble waiting in line or taking turns with others
I interrupt others when they are working or playing
I think I am doing pretty well.
I can think of many ways to get the things in life that are most important to me.
I am doing just as well as others my age.
When I have a problem, I can come up with lots of ways to solve it.
I think the things I have done in the past will help me in the future.
Even when others want to quit, I know that I can find ways to solve the problem
It is hard for me to pay attention to details
I make mistakes by accident
I have trouble keeping my mind on what I am doing
I have trouble keeping my mind on what other people are saying to me
I have trouble following instructions
I have trouble finishing things
I have trouble keeping myself organised
I do not like doing things that make me think hard
I lose stuff that I need
I get distracted by things that are going on around me
I forget stuff
It is hard for me to sit still
I get out of my seat when I am not supposed to
I am restless
I have trouble doing things quietly
I like to be on the go rather than being in one place
I talk too much
I blurt out the answer before a question is finished
I have trouble waiting for my turn
I interrupt other people
Often fails to smile or laugh at things others would find funny
Seems emotionally “flat”, for example, rarely changes the emotions he/she shows
Usually gives brief, one word replies to questions, even if encouraged to say more
Often does not have much to say for himself/herself
Often sits around for a long time doing nothing
Has a lack of energy and motivation
Has very few interests or hobbies
Has few or no friends
Often does not pay attention when being spoken to
Is often inattentive and appears distracted
Is afraid of small enclosed spaces, heights, water, or the dark
Takes a long time to warm to strangers
Is afraid in social situations
Tends to check things are done exactly right
Asks for reassurance that he/she is OK
Insists on doing something over and over, to the extent that it interferes with day to day life
Tends to be shy and timid
Is afraid of medical procedures such as going to see the doctor/dentist
Has twitches, mannerisms, or tics of the face and body
Doesn’t tend to enjoy him/herself
Often makes comments critical of him/herself
Complains or whines a lot
Has low self confidence 
Is fussy or over-particular
Tends to blame him/herself
Is often extremely upset or distressed when parent leaves wound up or stressed
Often seems worked up, on edge or tense
Is afraid of animals or insects (like dogs, spiders, or snakes)
Is anxious that bad things will happen
Prefers to do things with others rather than on his/her own
Finds social situations easy
Would rather go to a library than to a party
Finds himself/herself drawn more strongly to people than to things
Finds it hard to make new friends
Enjoys social occasions
Enjoys meeting new people
Gets anxious in new situations
Prefers to do things the same way over and over again
Does not get upset if his/her daily routine is disturbed
Enjoys doing things spontaneously
Frequently gets strongly absorbed in one thing
Can easily keep track of several different people’s conversations
Finds it easy to do more than one thing at once
If there is an interruption, my child can switch back very quickly
If trying to imagine something, finds it easy to create a picture in his/her mind
When reading a book, can easily imagine what the characters might look like
Finds making up stories easy
When reading a book, finds it difficult to work out the character’s intentions
Finds it difficult to imagine what it would be like to be someone else
When he/she was younger, he/she found it easy to play games with children that involve pretending
Finds it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling
Finds it difficult to work out people’s intentions
Usually notices car number plates or similar strings of Information
Is fascinated by dates
Is fascinated by numbers
Notices patterns in things all the time
Likes to collect information about categories of things
Is restless, overactive, and cannot stay still for long
Has a hot temper
Generally follows instructions, and usually does what adults request
Is constantly fidgeting
Often fights with his/her friends and/or bullies them
Is easily distracted, concentration wanders
Often lies or cheats
Thinks things out before acting
Steals from home, school, work or elsewhere
Sees tasks through to the end, has good attention span
Is considerate of other people’s feelings
Shares readily with others
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset, or feeling ill
Has at least one good friend
Is generally liked by others
Is kind to people younger than them
Often volunteers to help others (parents, teachers, peers, colleagues)
Compared to most other people my age: 
I pay close attention to detail and avoid careless mistakes
I sustain attention on tasks or leisure activities
I listen when spoken to directly
I follow through on instructions and finish school work or chores
I am organised in my tasks and activities
I engage in tasks that require sustained mental effort
I keep track of things necessary for activities
I ignore distractions that go on around me
I remember to do daily activities
I sit still (control movement of hands/ feet)
I stay seated when required to
I stop myself from moving about when it is inappropriate to do so
When engaging in leisure activities, I keep noise levels reasonable
I can settle down and rest (control constant activity)
I am able to control how much I talk
I reflect on questions and control blurting out answers
I await my turn rather than queue jumping
I enter into conversations without interrupting
When something exciting is coming up in my life, I really look forward to it
When I think about eating my favourite food, I can almost taste how good it is
I don’t look forward to things like eating out at restaurants
When I’m on my way to an amusement park, I can hardly wait to ride the roller coasters
I get so excited the night before a major holiday I can hardly sleep
When I think of something tasty, like a chocolate biscuit, I have to have one
Looking forward to a pleasurable experience is in itself pleasurable
I look forward to a lot of things in my life
When ordering something off a menu, I imagine how good it will taste
When I hear about a new movie starring my favourite actor, I can’t wait to see it
Hear noises or sounds when there is nothing about to explain them?
Feel that someone is touching you, but when you look nobody is there?
Hear sounds or music that people near you don’t hear?
Detect smells which don’t seem to come from your surroundings?
See things that other people cannot?
Experience unusual burning sensations or other strange feelings in or on your body that can’t be explained?
See shapes, lights, or colours even though there is nothing really there?
Hear voices commenting on what you’re thinking or doing?
Notice smells or odours that people next to you seem unaware of?
LEAP & LEAP-2 participants only:
Overall, how distressed are you by these thoughts and feelings?
I don't want other people to know when I feel afraid
When I cannot keep my mind on my schoolwork, I worry that I might be going crazy
It scares me when I feel "shaky"
It scares me when I feel like I am going to faint
It is important for me to stay in control of my feelings
It scares me when my heart beats fast
I feel embarrassed when my stomach rumbles or makes noise
It scares me when I feel like I am going to throw up
When I notice that my heart is beating fast, I worry that there might be something wrong with me
It scares me when I have trouble getting my breath
When my stomach hurts, I worry that I might be really ill
It scares me when I cannot concentrate on my schoolwork
Others my age can tell when I feel shaky
Unusual feelings in my body scare me
When I am afraid, I worry that I might be crazy
I get scared when I feel nervous
I don't like to let my feelings show
Funny feelings in my body scare me
Are there very few things that you have ever enjoyed doing?
Are you too independent to get involved with other people?
Do you feel very close to your friends?
Has dancing or the idea of dancing always seemed dull to you?
Is trying new foods something you enjoy?
Do you often feel uncomfortable when your friends touch you?
Do you prefer watching television to going out with friends?
LEAP participants only:
Overall, how distressed are you by these thoughts and feelings?
At different times in their life everyone experiences changes or swings in energy, activity and mood (‘highs and lows’ or ‘ups and downs’). The aim of these questions is to find out more about the ‘high’ periods.
How are you feeling today, compared to your usual state?
Independently of how you feel today, please tell us how you are normally compared to other people, by marking which of the following statements describes you best.
Compared to other people my level of activity, energy and mood…
Please try to remember a period when you felt ‘on a high’ or your mood was more up than usual. How did you feel then? Please answer all these statements independently of your present condition. In such a state:
I need less sleep
I enjoy my work more
I want to travel more/ I do travel more
I spend more money/ I spend too much money
I take more risks in my daily life (in my work or at school and/or other activities)
I am physically more active (sport etc)
I am less shy or inhibited
I wear more colourful and more extravagant clothes/make-up
I think faster
I make more jokes or puns when I am talking
I get into more quarrels
My mood is higher, more optimistic
I smoke more cigarettes
I drink more alcohol
I take more drugs (sedatives, anti-anxiety pills, stimulants etc.)
What impact do your ‘highs’ have on various aspects of your life?
a. Family life
b. Social life
c. Work, school or college
d. Leisure
How do people close to you react or comment on your ‘highs’?
How long do you're ‘highs’ last, on average?
Have you experienced such ‘highs’ in the past twelve months?
If 21 = yes,
a. Please estimate how many days you spend ‘in highs’ during the last twelve months
I prefer to do things with others rather than on my own
I find social situations easy
I would rather go to a library than to a party
I find myself drawn more strongly to people than to things
I find it hard to make new friends
I enjoy social occasions
I enjoy meeting new people
New situations make me anxious
I usually notice car number plates or similar strings of information
I am fascinated by dates
I am fascinated by numbers
I often notice patterns in things
I like to collect information about categories of things
How do you generally feel about your family life?
How happy are you with your friendships?
How do you feel about your school experience?
How do you feel about yourself?
How do you feel about where you live?
How do you feel about your life, overall?
I try to be nice to other people. I care about their feelings
I am restless, I cannot stay still for long
I get a lot of headaches, stomach-aches or sickness
I usually share with others (food, games, pens etc.)
I get very angry and often lose my temper
I am usually on my own. I generally play alone or keep to myself
I usually do as I am told
I worry a lot
I am helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
I am constantly fidgeting or squirming
I have one good friend or more
I fight a lot. I can make other people do what 6I want
Other people my age generally like me
I am easily distracted, I find it difficult to concentrate
I am nervous in new situations. I easily lose confidence
I am kind to younger children
I am often accused of lying or cheating
Other children or young people pick on me or bully me
I often volunteer to help others (parents, teachers, children)
I think before I do things
I take things that are not mine from home, school or elsewhere
I get on better with adults than with people my own age
I have many fears, I am easily scared
I finish the work I'm doing. My attention is good
Have you felt fat?
Have you had a definite fear that you might gain weight or become fat?
Has your weight influenced how you think about yourself as a person?
Has your shape influenced how you think about yourself as a person?
Have you ever stolen (or tried to steal) something?
Have you ever run away from home?
Have you ever attacked someone with the idea of seriously hurting or killing him or her?
Have you ever been involved in gang fights?
Have you ever hit (or threatened to hit) one of your parents?
Have you ever been loud, rowdy, or unruly in a public place?
Have you ever taken a vehicle for a drive without the owner’s permission?
Have you ever used physical force to get money or things from a teacher or other adult at school?
For each 1-8 = yes,
a. How old were you when you first did this?
b. How many times have you ever done this?
Some people believe that other people can read their thoughts. Have other people ever read your thoughts?
If 1 = any yes,
a. How often have other people read your thoughts during the last year? 
If a = any experience in past year,
b. Were you upset by this?
c. Do you think people sometimes use special powers to read your thoughts? 
Ask all,
Have you ever believed that you were being sent special messages through the television or the radio, or that a programme had been arranged just for you alone?
If 2 = any yes,
a. How often has this happened during the last year?
If a = any experience in past year,
b. Were you upset by this?
Ask all,
Have you ever thought you were being followed or spied on?
If 3 = any yes,
a. How often has this happened during the last year?
If a = any experience in past year,
b. Were you upset by this?
Ask all,
Have you ever heard voices that other people couldn’t hear?
If 4 = any yes, 
a. How often have you heard these voices during the last year?
b. Were you upset by this?
If you have heard voices that other people couldn’t hear, did this happen:
c. Only within 24 hours of taking cannabis or other drugs? 
d. Only when you had a high temperature because you were ill?
e. Only when you were falling asleep or as you were waking up? 
If you have heard voices that other people couldn’t hear, did the voice ever:
f. Call out your name? 
g. Say something, or comment, about what you were doing or thinking? 
h. Talk to another voice about you? 
i. Say something nice about you?
j. Say something horrible about you?
Ask all,
Have you ever felt that you were under the control of some special power?
If 5 = any yes,
a. How often have you thought that you were under the control of some special power during the last year?
b. Who did you think was controlling you?
c. Were you upset by this?
Ask all,
Have you ever seen something or someone that other people could not see?
If 6 = yes,
a. How often have you seen something or someone that other people could not see during the last year?
b. Were you upset by this?
If you have seen something other people could not see, did this happen:
c. Only within 24 hours of taking cannabis or other drugs? 
d. Only when you had a high temperature because you were ill? 
e. Only when you were falling asleep or as you were waking up?
Ask all,
Have you ever felt that:
Your thoughts were being taken out of your head against your will?
Someone else’s thoughts were being inserted into your head against your will?
Your thoughts were so loud that people around you could hear what you were thinking?
If any 7-9 = yes,
a. How often have any of these three experiences happened during the last year?
If a = any yes,
b. Were you upset by this?
Ask all,
Have you ever felt that you are somebody really special, or that you have special powers like reading people’s mind, or that you have been chosen to perform great and special tasks?
If 10 = any yes,
a. How often have you felt that you were really very special or had special powers during the last year?
If a = any yes,
b. Were you upset by this?
Is always “on the go” or acts as if driven by a motor  
Avoids, expresses reluctance about, or has difficulties engaging in tasks that require sustained mental effort (such as work or schoolwork)
Has difficulties sustaining attention in tasks or activities
Does not seem to listen to what is being said to him/her
Runs about excessively in situations where it is inappropriate to do so
Does not follow through on instructions and fails to finish work, schoolwork or chores
Has difficulty organising tasks and activities
Talks excessively
Fails to give close attention to details or makes careless mistakes in work, schoolwork or other activities
Has difficulty queuing or awaiting turn in games or group situations
Interrupts conversations
Is forgetful in daily activities
Fidgets with hands or feet, squirms in seat
Has difficulty playing or engaging in leisure activities quietly
Often loses things necessary for tasks or activities (e.g. work or schoolwork)
Regularly leaves seat in classroom, or in other situations in which remaining in seat is expected
Is easily distracted by things going on around them
Blurts out answers to questions before the questions have been completed
Changes mood quickly and drastically
Cries often and easily
Has temper outbursts - behaviour can be explosive or unpredictable
Prefers to do things with others rather than on his/her own
Finds social situations easy
Would rather go to a library than to a party 
Finds himself/herself drawn more strongly to people than to things
Finds it hard to make new friends 
Enjoys social occasions
Enjoys meeting new people
Gets anxious in new situations
Prefers to do things the same way over and over again
Does not get upset if his/her daily routine is disturbed
Enjoys doing things spontaneously
Frequently gets strongly absorbed in one thing
Can easily keep track of several different people’s conversations
Finds it easy to do more than one thing at once
If there is an interruption, my child can switch back very quickly
If trying to imagine something, finds it easy to create a picture in his/her mind
When reading a book, can easily imagine what the characters might look like
Finds making up stories easy
When reading a book, finds it difficult to work out the character’s intentions
Finds it difficult to imagine what it would be like to be someone else
When he/she was younger, he/she found it easy to play games with children that involve pretending
Finds it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling
Finds it difficult to work out people’s intentions
Usually notices car number plates or similar strings of information
Is fascinated by dates
Is fascinated by numbers
Notices patterns in things all the time
Likes to collect information about categories of things
How often during the last month have you been bothered by the following problems?
Feeling nervous, anxious or on edge.
Not being able to stop or control worrying.
Worrying too much about different things.
Trouble relaxing.
Being so restless that it is hard to sit still.
Becoming easily annoyed or irritable.
Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen.
Given enough provocation, I may hit another person
If I have to resort to violence to protect my rights, I will
There are people who pushed me so far that we came to blows
I tell my friends openly when I disagree with them
When people annoy me, I may tell them what I think of them
My friends say that I'm somewhat argumentative
Sometimes I fly off the handle for no good reason
I have trouble controlling my temper
I felt miserable or unhappy.
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing.
I was very restless.
I cried a lot.
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate.
I hated myself.
I felt lonely.
I thought I could never be as good as other people.
Has a lack of energy and motivation
Often does not have much to say for himself/herself
Usually gives brief, one word replies to questions, even if encouraged to say more
Is often inattentive and appears distracted
Seems emotionally “flat”, for example, rarely changes the emotions he/she shows
Often sits around for a long time doing nothing
Has very few interests or hobbies
Often does not pay attention when being spoken to
Often fails to smile or laugh at things others would find funny
Has few or no friends
About how often did you feel:
Tired out for no good reason
Nervous?
So nervous that nothing could calm you down?
Hopeless?
Restless or fidgety?
So restless that you could not sit still?
Depressed?
That everything was an effort?
So sad that noting could cheer you up?
Worthless?
Which cigarette would you most hate to give up?
How soon after you wake up do you smoke your first cigarette?
Do you find it difficult to refrain from smoking in places where it is forbidden (e.g. in church, buses, trains, the library, cinemas)?
How many cigarettes a day do you smoke?
Do you smoke more frequently during the first hours after waking than during the rest of the day?
Do you smoke if you are so ill that you are in bed most of the day?
During the PAST MONTH, how worried have you been about…
a. Being infected?
b. Friends or family being infected?
c. Your physical health being influenced by Coronavirus/COVID-19?
d. Your mental/emotional health being influenced by Coronavirus/COVID-19?
Have you been going to your workplace since lockdown ended?
If 2 = yes,
How stressful has it been for you to commute since the end of lockdown?
Have you been able to work from home?
If 4 = yes,
How stressful has it been for you to work from home since the end of lockdown?
How stressful have the restrictions on leaving home been for you?
How stressful have these changes in family contacts been for you?
How stressful have these changes in social contacts been for you?
How much has cancellation of important events (such as graduation, birthday celebrations, holiday, etc.) in your life been difficult for you?
To what degree have you been concerned about the stability of your living situation?
Did you worry whether your food would run out because of a lack of money?
How stressful have you found changes in your job situation since the end of lockdown?
I feel my personal existence is…
In achieving life goals I’ve...
As I view the world in relation to my life, the world…
If I should die today, I’d feel that my life has been…
I have discovered...
In the last month, how often have you had a drink containing alcohol (this includes beer, wine, alcopops, cider, and spirit drinks like vodka)?
In the last month, on a typical day when you were drinking how many of the following did you drink?
a. Standard glass of wine 
b. Pint of lager/beer/cider 
c. Alcopop 
d. Single shot of spirit
In the last month, how much alcohol have you been drinking compared to a typical month?
Have you ever smoked a cigarette (including roll-ups)?
If 1 = yes,
During the past month, have you smoked?
In the last month, on a typical day how many cigarettes a day did you smoke?
Have you ever vaped/used an electronic cigarette (also known as e-cigarettes or e-cigs)?
If 4 = yes,
During the past month, have you vaped/used an electronic cigarette?
In the last month, how often have you used electronic cigarettes?
Have you ever tried cannabis (also called marijuana, hash, dope, pot, blow, skunk, puff, grass, draw, marijuana, spliff, joint, smoke, weed)?
If 1 = yes,
During the past month, have you smoked cannabis?
When you have smoked cannabis, on a typical day during the last month, how many joints/spliffs/pipes or bongs did you have?
I have felt moments of sudden terror, fear, or fright
I have felt anxious, worried, or nervous
I have had thoughts of bad things happening, such as family tragedy, ill health, loss of a job, or accidents
I have felt a racing heart, sweaty, trouble breathing, faint, or shaky
I have felt tense muscles, felt on edge or restless, or had trouble relaxing or trouble sleeping
I have avoided, or did not approach or enter situations about which I worry
I have left situations early or participated only minimally due to worries
I have spent a lot of time making decisions, putting off making decisions, or preparing for situations, due to worries
I have sought reassurance from others due to worries
I have needed help to cope with anxiety (e.g., alcohol or medications, superstitious objects)
I felt miserable or unhappy.
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing.
I was very restless.
I cried a lot.
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate.
I hated myself.
I felt lonely.
I thought I could never be as good as other people
Positive affect
Negative affect
Soothability when upset
Hypersensitivity to materials and stimuli
Energy
Adaptation to change in test materials
Interest in test materials and stimuli
Initiative with tasks
Exploration of objects and/or surroundings
Attention to tasks
Persistence in attempting to complete tasks
Enthusiasm towards tasks
Fearfulness
Frustration with inability to complete tasks
Orientation to examiner
Social engagement
Cooperation
Gross-motor movement
Fine-motor movement
Control of movement
Hypotonicity
Hypertonicity
Tremulousness
Slow and delayed movements
Frenetic movement
Hyperactivity
Many items 
Please rate the extent to which the following statements are characteristic of your personality.
I only act to satisfy immediate concerns, figuring the future will take care of itself
I generally ignore warnings about possible future problems because I think the problems will be resolved before they reach crisis level
I think that sacrificing now is usually unnecessary since future outcomes can be dealt with at a later time
I only act to satisfy immediate concerns, figuring that I will take care of future problems that may occur at a later date
I felt miserable or unhappy
I didn’t enjoy anything at all
I was less hungry than usual
I ate more than usual
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing
I was moving and walking more slowly than usual
I was very restless
I felt I was no good anymore
I blamed myself for things that weren’t my fault
It was hard for me to make up my mind
I felt grumpy and cross with my parents
I felt like talking less than usual
I was talking more slowly than usual
I cried a lot
I thought there was nothing good for me in the future
I thought that life wasn’t worth living
I thought about death or dying
I thought my family would be better off without me
I thought about killing myself
I didn’t want to see my friends
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I thought bad things would happen to me
I hated myself
I felt I was a bad person
I thought I looked ugly
I worried about aches and pains
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I didn’t have any fun in school
I thought I could never be as good as other kids
I did everything wrong
I didn’t sleep as well as I usually sleep
I slept a lot more than usual
Trouble making up my mind
Get nervous when things do not go the right way
Others do things easier than me
Often have trouble getting my breath
Worry a lot of the time
Afraid of a lot of things
Get angry easily
Worry about what carer will say
Others do not like way I do things
Hard for me to get to sleep
Worry about what other people will think about me
Feel alone even when people with me
Often feel sick in my stomach
Feelings get hurt easily
I am tired a lot
Worry about what is going to happen
Other children happier than me
Have bad dreams
Feelings get hurt when criticised
Someone will tell me I do things the wrong way
Wake up scared
Worry when I go to bed
Hard to keep mind on schoolwork
Wiggle in my seat a lot
I am nervous
A lot of people are against me
Worry about something bad happening
I felt I had to do things in a certain way, like counting or saying special words, to stop something bad from happening.
I had trouble finishing my homework or other jobs because I had to do things over and over again.
I hated dirt and dirty things.
I had a special number that I counted up to, or I felt I had to do things just that number of times.
I often felt guilty or bad about things I had done even though no one else thought I had done anything wrong.
I worried about being clean enough.
I moved or talked in a special way to avoid bad luck.
I worried a lot if I did something not exactly the way I liked.
I was fussy about keeping my hands clean.
I had special numbers or words that I said because I hoped they kept bad luck or bad things away.
I kept on thinking about things that I had done because I wasn’t sure that they were the right things to do.
Not specified
Items include:
- During the last month, how often did you take/use cannabis?
- During the last month, how often did you drink spirits?
- During the last month, how often did you drink beer or cider?
- In the last 6 months, how often have you been drunk in the way
described in Q7?
- Have you ever been drunk?
- During the last month, how often did you drink wine?
- During the last month, how often did you smoke a cigarette/s?
- During the last month, on the days you smoked, on average how many
cigarettes did you smoke per day?
- Have you ever tried to hurt yourself on purpose without trying to kill yourself?
- Excluding the last month, have you tried to hurt yourself on purpose
without trying to kill yourself in the last 12 months?
- Excluding the last month, how have you tried to hurt yourself
without trying to kill yourself in the last 12 months?
- In the last month, how have you tried to hurt yourself without
trying to kill yourself?
- In the last month, why have you tried to hurt yourself without trying
to kill yourself?
Semi-structured interview 
I sometimes avoid places where there will be many people because I will get anxious.
Do you believe in telepathy?
Paranoia I am sure I am being talked about behind my back
I get very nervous when I have to make polite conversation
Have you had the sense that some person or force is around you even though you could not see anyone?
Do you often feel that other people have it in for you?
I feel very uneasy talking to people I do not know well
Have you noticed a common event or object that seemed to be a special sign for you?
When you see people talking to each other, do you often wonder if they are talking about you?
I often hear a voice speaking my thoughts aloud
Do you often feel nervous when you are in a group of unfamiliar people?
I often feel that others have it in for me
Have you seen things invisible to other people?
I feel very uncomfortable in social situations involving unfamiliar people
Do you sometimes feel that other people are talking about you?
Can other people feel your feelings when they are not there?
I get anxious when meeting people for the first time
Do you believe in clairvoyancy?
Do you sometimes feel that other people are watching you?
Have you felt that you were communicating with another person telepathically?
Semi-structured interview. Questions include:
Some people believe that their thoughts can be read. Have other people ever read your thoughts?
Have you ever believed that you were being sent special message through television or the radio, or that a programme has been arranged just for you alone?
Have you ever thought that you are being followed on or spied on?
Have you ever heard voices that other people can't hear?
Have you ever felt that you were under the control of some special power?
Have you ever seen something or someone that other people could not see?
I have felt cheerful and in good spirits
I have felt calm and relaxed
I have felt active and vigorous
Have you ever had the sense that some person or force is around you, even though you cannot see anyone?
Are you sometimes sure that other people can tell what you are thinking?
Have you ever noticed a common event or object that seemed to be a special sign for you?
Do you often pick up hidden threats or put-downs from what people say or do?
When shopping do you get the feeling that other people are taking notice of you?
Have you had experiences with astrology, seeing the future, UFOs, ESP, or a sixth sense?
Do you ever suddenly feel distracted by distant sounds that you are not normally aware of?
Do you often have to keep an eye out to stop people from taking advantage of you?
People sometimes find me aloof and distant
I feel I have to be on my guard even with friends
I feel very uncomfortable in social situations involving unfamiliar people
Have you found that it is best not to let other people know too much about you?
I tend to keep in the background on social occasions
Do you feel that you are unable to get "close" to people?
I feel very uneasy talking to people I do not know myself
I tend to keep my feelings to myself
People sometimes comment on my unusual mannerisms and habits
Some people think that I am a very bizarre person
Some people find me a bit vague and elusive during a conversation
I sometimes use words in unusual ways
I am an odd, unusual person
I find it hard to communicate clearly what I want to say to people
I express my feelings openly
What I think is “right” and “wrong” is different from what other people think
I care about how well I do at school or work
I do not care who I hurt to get what I want
I feel bad or guilty when I do something wrong
I do not show my emotions to others
I do not care about being on time
I am concerned about the feelings of others
I do not care if I get into trouble
I do not let my feelings control me
I do not care about doing things well
I seem very cold and uncaring to others
I easily admit to being wrong
It is easy for others to tell how I am feeling
I always try my best
I apologize (“say I am sorry”) to persons I hurt
I try not to hurt others’ feelings
I do not feel remorseful when I do something wrong
I am very expressive and emotional
I do not like to put the time into doing things well
The feelings of others are unimportant to me
I hide my feelings from others
I work hard on everything I do
I do things to make others feel good
I plan tasks carefully
I do things without thinking
I make-up my mind quickly
I am happy-go-lucky
I don’t “pay attention”
I have “racing” thoughts
I plan trips well ahead of time
I am self-controlled
I concentrate easily
I save regularly
I “squirm” at plays or lectures
I am a careful thinker
I plan for job security
I say things without thinking
I like to think about complex problems
I change jobs
I act “on impulse”
I get easily bored when solving thought problems
I act on the spur of the moment
I am a steady thinker
I change residences
I buy things on impulse
I can only think about one thing at a time
I change hobbies
I spend or charge more than I earn
I often have extraneous thoughts when thinking
I am more interested in the present than the future
I am restless at the theatre or lectures
I like puzzles
I am future oriented
Semi-structured interview
Semi-structured interview
Semi-structured interview
Semi-structured interview
How often is your child's behaviour like the behaviour given below?
. S/he tends to be shy
S/he cries easily
S/he likes to be with people
S/he is always on the go
S/he prefers playing with others rather than alone
S/he tends to be somewhat emotional
When she moves about s/he tends to move slowly
S/he makes friends easily
S/he is off and running as soon as s/he wakes up in the morning
S/he finds people more stimulating than anything else
S/he often fusses and cries
S/he is very sociable
S/he is very energetic
S/he takes a long time to warm up to strangers
S/he gets upset easily
S/he is something of a loner
S/he prefers quiet inactive games to more active ones
When alone s/he feels Isolated
S/he reacts intensely when upset
S/he is very friendly with strangers
I would enjoy my favourite television or radio programme.
I would enjoy being with my family or close friends.
I would find pleasure in my hobbies and pastimes.
I would be able to enjoy my favourite meal.
I would enjoy a warm bath or refreshing shower.
I would find pleasure in the scent of flowers or the smell of a fresh sea breeze or freshly baked bread.
 7. I would enjoy seeing other people's smiling faces.
I would enjoy looking smart when I have made an effort with my appearance.
I would enjoy reading a book, magazine or newspaper.
I would enjoy a cup of tea or coffee or my favourite drink.
I would find pleasure in small things, e.g. bright sunny day, a telephone call from a friend.
I would be able to enjoy a beautiful landscape or view.
I would get pleasure from helping others.
I would feel pleasure when I receive praise from other people.
Please indicate which statement best describe your health today
Mobility
Self care
Usual activities
Pain/discomfort
Anxiety/depression
Are you basically satisfied with your life?
Have you dropped many of your activities or interests?
Do you feel that your life is empty?
Do you often feel bored?
Are you in good spirits most of the time?
Are you afraid that something bad is going to happen to you?
Do you feel happy most of the time?
Do you often feel helpless?
Do you prefer to stay at home, rather than going out and doing new things?
Do you feel you have more problems with your memory than most?
Do you think it is wonderful to be alive?
Do you feel pretty worthless the way you are now
Do you feel full of energy?
Do you feel that your situation is hopeless?
Do you think that most people are better off than you are?
In most ways my life is close to my ideal
The conditions of my life are excellent
I am satisfied with my life
So far I have got the important things I want in life
If I could live my life over again I would change almost nothing
During the past few weeks did you feel:
Particularly excited or interested in something
So restless you could not sit long in a chair
Proud because someone complimented you on something you had done
Very lonely or remote from other people
Pleased about having accomplished something
Bored
On top of the world
Depressed or very unhappy
That things were going your way
Upset because someone criticised you
Please tell me how much of the time during the past week:
You had a lot of energy
You felt anxious
You felt calm and peaceful
I was bothered by things that usually don't bother me
I did not feel like eating, my appetite was poor
I felt that I could not shake off the blues even with help from my family and friends
I felt that I was just as good as other people
I had trouble keeping my mind on what I was doing
I felt depressed
I felt that everything I did was an effort
I felt hopeful about the future
I thought my life had been a failure
I felt fearful
My sleep was restless
I was happy
I talked less than usual
I felt lonely
People were unfriendly
I enjoyed life
I had crying spells
I felt sad
I felt that people disliked me
I could not get going
Please indicate how well the following statements describe you.
Outgoing
Helpful
Moody
Organised
Self-confident
Friendly
Warm
Worrying
Responsible
Forceful
Lively
Caring
Nervous
Creative
Assertive
Hardworking
Imaginative
Soft-hearted
Calm
Outspoken
Intelligent
Curious
Active
Careless
Broad-minded
Sympathetic
Talkative
Sophisticated
Adventurous
Dominant
Please tell me how much of the time during the past week:
You felt depressed
Felt everything you did was an effort
Your sleep was restless
You were happy
You felt lonely
You enjoyed life
You felt sad
You could not get going
Over the past two weeks how often have you:
Felt down, depressed or hopeless?
Little interest or pleasure in doing things?
Please indicate how much you have been bothered by that problem in the past month:
Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts, or images of a stressful experience?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience
Avoiding activities or situations because they reminded you of a stressful experience?
Feeling distant or cut off from other people?
Feeling irritable or having angry outbursts?
At this moment I:
Feel calm
Feel secure
Feel tense
Feel strained
Feel at ease
Am upset
Am presently worrying over possible misfortunes
Feel satisfied
Feel frightened
Feel comfortable
Feel self-confident
Feel nervous
Feel jittery
Feel indecisive
Am relaxed
Feel content
Am worried
Feel confused
Feel steady
Feel pleasant
Have you felt you should cut down or stop drinking?
Has anyone annoyed you or got on your nerves by telling you to cut down or stop drinking?
Have you felt guilty or bad about how much you drink?
Have you been waking up wanting to have an alcoholic drink?
Have you felt you should cut down or stop using drugs?
Has anyone annoyed you or got on your nerves by telling you to cut down or stop using drugs?
Have you felt guilty or bad about how much you use drugs?
Have you been waking up wanting to use drugs?
In your life which of the following substances have you ever used? Alcoholic beverages (non-medical use only)
If 1 = yes,
In the past 3 months how often have you used alcoholic beverages?
During the past 3 months how often have you had a strong desire or urge to use alcoholic beverages?
During the past 3 months how often has your use of alcoholic beverages led to health, social, legal or financial problems?
During the past 3 months, how often have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of your use of alcoholic beverages?
Has a friend or relative or anyone else ever expressed concern about our use of alcoholic beverages?
Have you ever tried and failed to control, cut down or stop using alcoholic beverages?
In your life which of the following substances have you ever used? Tobacco (non-medical use only)
If 1 = yes,
In the past 3 months how often have you used tobacco?
During the past 3 months how often have you had a strong desire or urge to use tobacco?
During the past 3 months how often has your use of tobacco led to health, social, legal or financial problems?
During the past 3 months, how often have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of your use of tobacco?
Has a friend or relative or anyone else ever expressed concern about our use of tobacco?
Have you ever tried and failed to control, cut down or stop using tobacco?
Have you ever used any drug by injection?
Have you avoided jobs or tasks that involved having to deal with a lot of people?
Do you avoid getting involved with people unless you are certain they will like you?
Do you find it hard to be 'open' even with people you are close to?
Do you often worry about being criticised or rejected in social situations?
Are you usually quite when you meet new people?
Do you believe that you're not as good, as smart, or as attractive as most other people?
Are you afraid to try new things?
Do you need a lot of advice or reassurance from others before you can make everyday decisions - like what to wear or what to order in a restaurant?
Do you depend on other people to handle important areas of your life such as finances, childcare, or living arrangements?
Do you find it hard to disagree with people even when you think they are wrong?
Do you find it hard to start work on tasks when there is no one to help you?
Have you often volunteered to do things that are unpleasant?
Do you usually feel uncomfortable when you are by yourself?
When a close relationship ends, do you feel you immediately have to find someone else to take care of you?
Do you worry a lot about being left alone to take care of yourself?
Have you often been frantic when you thought that someone you really cared about was going to leave you?
Do your relationships with people you really care about have lots of extreme ups and downs?
Have you all of a sudden changed your sense of who you are and where you are headed?
Do your sense of who you are change dramatically?
Are you different with different people or in different situations, so that you sometimes don't know who you really are?
Have there been lots of sudden changes in your goals, career plans, religious beliefs and so on?
Have you often done things impulsively?
have you tried to hurt or kill yourself or threatened to do so?
Have you ever cut, burned or scratched yourself on purpose?
Do you have a lot of sudden mood changes?
Do you often feel empty inside?
Do you often have temper outbursts or get so angry that you lose control?
Do you hit people or throw things when you get angry?
Do even little things get you very angry?
When you are under a lot of stress, do you get suspicious of other people or feel especially spaced out?
Before you were 15:
Would you bully or threaten other kids?
Would you start fights?
Did you hurt or threaten someone with a weapon?
Did you deliberately torture someone or cause someone physical pain and suffering?
Did you torture or hurt animals on purpose?
Did you rob, mug, or forcible take something from someone by threatening him or her?
Did you force someone to have sex with you, to get undressed in front of you, or touch you sexually?
Did you set fires?
Did you deliberately destroy things that weren't yours?
Did you break into houses, other buildings or cars?
Did you lie a lot or 'con' other people?
Did you sometimes steal or shoplift things or forge someone's signature?
Did you run away from home and stay away overnight?
Before you were 13:
Did you often stay out very late?
Did you often skip school?
Since you were 15:
Have you done things that are against the law - even if you weren't caught?
Have you often done things on the spur of the moment without thinking about how it will affect you or other people?
I generally feel that I:
Plan tasks carefully
Do things without thinking
Make-up my mind quickly
Am happy-go-lucky
Don't 'pay attention'
Have racing thoughts
Plan trips well ahead of time
Am self controlled
Concentrate easily
Save regularly
'Squirm' during TV films/videos
Am a careful thinker
Plan for job security
Say things without thinking
Like to think about complex problems
Change jobs
Act 'on impulse'
Get easily bored when solving thought problems
Act on the spur of the moment
In the past month have you been bothered by the problem of:
Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts or images of a stressful experience from the past?
Repeated, disturbing dreams of a stressful experience from the past?
Suddenly acting or feeling as if a stressful experience were happening again?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience from the past?
Having physical reactions when something reminded you of a stressful experience from the past?
Avoiding thinking about or talking about a stressful experience from the past?
Avoiding activities or situations because they remind you of a stressful experience from the past?
Having trouble remembering important parts of a stressful experience from the past?
A loss of interest in things that you used to enjoy?
Feeling distant or cut off from other people?
Feeling emotionally numb of being unable to have loving feelings for those close to you?
Feeling as if your future will somehow be cut short?
Trouble falling or staying asleep?
Feeling irritable or having angry outbursts?
Having difficulty concentrating?
Being 'super alert' or watchful on guard?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
Semi-structured interview - many items
Through structured questions and probes that explore the range of functioning in each domain, a trained interviewer rates each domain on a nine-point scale according to severity and pervasiveness of dysfunction. For example, a ‘1’ rating on romantic relationships requires temporal stability, positive trust, marked confiding, and enjoyment, whereas a ‘9’ rating requires the absence of sustained committed relationships or the maintenance of relationships in the face of sustained discord or violence. (Stepp et al 2011).
Semi-structured interview - many items
Semi-structured interview. Assesses interpersonal functioning in relationships and work to produce ratings of personality dysfunction.
At this moment I:
Feel calm
Feel secure
Feel nervous
Am relaxed
Am worried
Feel pleasant
When I was younger I:
Was considerate of others' feelings
Was restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Got a lot of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Usually shared readily with others
I got very angry and often lost my temper
Was usually on my own I generally played alone or kept to myself
I usually did as I was told
Worried a lot
Was helpful if someone was hurt, upset or ill
Was constantly fidgeting or squirming around
Had at least one good friend
Fought a lot
Was often unhappy, downhearted or tearful
Was generally liked by other children
Was easily distracted and found it difficult to concentrate
Nervous in new situations, I easily lost confidence
Was kind to animals and younger children
Was often accused of lying or cheating
Other kids picked on me or bullied me
Often volunteered to help other people
I thought things out before acting on them
Took thing that were not mine from hope, school or shops
Got on better with adults than with kids my own age
I did graffiti or damaged property in other ways
Had many fears, easily scared
Saw tasks through to the end, my attention was good
IS1. Overall, when you were younger (up to 16 years old) do you think that you had difficulties in one or more of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behaviour or being able to get on with other people?
If IS1 = yes,
IS2. How long were these difficulties, up to the age of 16, present?
Did the difficulties up to the age of 16
IS3. Upset you?
IS4. Interfere with your homelife?
IS5. Interfere with your friendships?
IS6. Interfere with your classroom learning?
IS7. Interfere with your leisure activities?
At this moment I:
Feel calm
Feel secure
Feel tense
Am strained
Feel at ease
Am upset
Am presently worrying over possible misfortunes
Feel satisfied
Feel frightened
Feel comfortable
Feel self-confident
Feel nervous
Feel jittery
Feel indecisive
Am relaxed
Feel content
Am worried
Feel confused
Feel steady
Feel pleasant
Shows pleasure when he/she succeeds (for example, claps for self).
Gets hurt so often that you can’t take your eyes off him or her.
Seems nervous, tense, or fearful.
Is restless and can’t sit still.
Follows rules.
Wakes up at night and needs help to fall asleep again.
Cries or has tantrums until he or she is exhausted.
Is afraid of certain places, animals, or things.
If 8 = yes, 
a. Describe what is/was your child afraid of in the last month
Ask all, 
Has less fun than other children.
Looks for you (or other parent) when upset.
Cries or hangs onto you when you try to leave.
Worries a lot or is very serious.
Looks right at you when you say his or her name.
Does not react when hurt.
Is affectionate with loved ones.
Won’t touch some objects because of how they feel.
Has trouble falling asleep or staying asleep.
Runs away in public places.
Plays well with other children (not including brother or sister).
Can pay attention for a long time (other than watching TV).
Has trouble adjusting to changes
Tries to help when someone is hurt (for example, gives a toy).
Often gets very upset.
Gags or chokes on food.
Imitates playful sounds when you ask him or her to.
Refuses to eat.
Hits, shoves, kicks, or bites children (not including brother or sister).
Is destructive. Breaks or ruins things on purpose.
Points to show you something far away.
Hits, bites, or kicks you (or other parent).
Hugs or feeds dolls or stuffed animals
Seems very unhappy, sad, depressed or withdrawn.
Purposely tries to hurt you (or other parent).
When upset, gets very still, freezes, or doesn’t move.
Puts things in a special order over and over and gets upset if he/she is interrupted.
Repeats the same action or phrase over and over without enjoyment.
If 36 = yes,
a. Example of a same phase or action repeated over and over without enjoyment, by your child in the last month
Ask all, 
Repeats a particular movement over and over (like rocking or spinning).
If 37 = yes,
a. Example of a particular movement repeated over and over, by your child in the last month
Ask all, 
Spaces out. Is totally unaware of what is happening around him or her.
Does not make eye contact.
Avoids physical contact.
Hurts self on purpose. (for example, bangs his or her head).
If 41 = yes,
a. Example of where your child has hurts him/herself on purpose in the last month
Ask all, 
Eats or drinks things that are inedible (like paper or paint)
If 42 = yes,
a. Example of where your child has eaten or drunk things that are inedible (like paper or paint) in the last month
Ask all, 
How worried are you about your child’s behaviour, emotions, or relationships?
How worried are you about your child’s language development?
Semi-structured interview - many items
Through structured questions and probes that explore the range of functioning in each domain, a trained interviewer rates each domain on a nine-point scale according to severity and pervasiveness of dysfunction. For example, a ‘1’ rating on romantic relationships requires temporal stability, positive trust, marked confiding, and enjoyment, whereas a ‘9’ rating requires the absence of sustained committed relationships or the maintenance of relationships in the face of sustained discord or violence. (Stepp et al 2011) 
Semi-structured interview - many items
Shows pleasure when he/she succeeds (for example, claps for self).
Gets hurt so often that you can’t take your eyes off him or her.
Seems nervous, tense, or fearful.
Is restless and can’t sit still.
Follows rules.
Wakes up at night and needs help to fall asleep again.
Cries or has tantrums until he or she is exhausted.
Is afraid of certain places, animals, or things.
If 8 = yes, 
a. Describe what is/was your child afraid of in the last month
Ask all, 
Has less fun than other children.
Looks for you (or other parent) when upset.
Cries or hangs onto you when you try to leave.
Worries a lot or is very serious.
Looks right at you when you say his or her name.
Does not react when hurt.
Is affectionate with loved ones.
Won’t touch some objects because of how they feel.
Has trouble falling asleep or staying asleep.
Runs away in public places.
Plays well with other children (not including brother or sister).
Can pay attention for a long time (other than watching TV).
Has trouble adjusting to changes
Tries to help when someone is hurt (for example, gives a toy).
Often gets very upset.
Gags or chokes on food.
Imitates playful sounds when you ask him or her to.
Refuses to eat.
Hits, shoves, kicks, or bites children (not including brother or sister).
Is destructive. Breaks or ruins things on purpose.
Points to show you something far away.
Hits, bites, or kicks you (or other parent).
Hugs or feeds dolls or stuffed animals
Seems very unhappy, sad, depressed or withdrawn.
Purposely tries to hurt you (or other parent).
When upset, gets very still, freezes, or doesn’t move.
Puts things in a special order over and over and gets upset if he/she is interrupted.
Repeats the same action or phrase over and over without enjoyment.
If 36 = yes,
a. Example of a same phase or action repeated over and over without enjoyment, by your child in the last month
Ask all, 
Repeats a particular movement over and over (like rocking or spinning).
If 37 = yes,
a. Example of a particular movement repeated over and over, by your child in the last month
Ask all, 
Spaces out. Is totally unaware of what is happening around him or her.
Does not make eye contact.
Avoids physical contact.
Hurts self on purpose. (for example, bangs his or her head).
If 41 = yes,
a. Example of where your child has hurts him/herself on purpose in the last month
Ask all, 
Eats or drinks things that are inedible (like paper or paint)
If 42 = yes,
a. Example of where your child has eaten or drunk things that are inedible (like paper or paint) in the last month
Ask all, 
How worried are you about your child’s behaviour, emotions, or relationships?
How worried are you about your child’s language development?
Many items 
My child:
Does not show feelings or emotions
Is concerned about the feelings of others
Seems motivated to do his/her best in structured activities
Is good at keeping promises
Feels bad or guilty when he/she does something wrong
Keeps the same friends
My child:
Bites other children
Kicks others
Helps other children
Hits other children
Shares with other children
Smiles at other children
During the last week: 
I was bothered by things that usually don't bother me
I did not feel like eating; my appetite was poor
I felt that I could not shake of the blues even with help from my family
I felt I was as good as other people
I had trouble keeping my mind on what I was doing
I felt depressed
I felt that everything I did was an effort
I felt hopeful about the future
I thought my life had been a failure
I felt fearful
My sleep was restless
I was happy
I talked less than usual
I felt lonely
People were unfriendly
I enjoyed life
I had crying spells
I felt sad
I felt that people disliked me
I could not get going
In the past month have you been bothered by the problem of:
Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts or images of a stressful experience from the past?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience from the past?
Having physical reactions when something reminded you of a stressful experience from the past?
Avoiding activities or situations because they remind you of a stressful experience from the past?
Feeling distant or cut off from other people?
Feeling emotionally numb of being unable to have loving feelings for those close to you?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
I do my best when someone asks me to do something.
I’m more tough-minded than other people.
I think I could beat a lie detector.
Other people’s feelings affect me deeply.
If someone is sad I want to take care of them.
I don’t like to share.
Most people are wimps.
I purposely flatter people to get them on my side.
Being punished for doing something would stop me doing it again.
If someone is hurt or ill I want to take care of them.
It tortures me to see an injured animal.
I often don’t tell the truth.
I have pretended to be someone else in order to get something.
I fear getting hurt.
I like to see fist-fights.
I’m not tricky or sly.
I keep promises.
I feel emotional when I see people dying of hunger.
My friends would say that I am a warm person.
I would get a kick out of ‘scamming’ someone.
I keep relationships for a long time.
I don’t show my feelings or emotions.
I avoid horror movies.
I trust other people to be honest.
do not hurt animals on purpose.
I feel so sorry when I see a homeless person.
It’s fun to see how far you can push someone before they get upset.
If a loved one is sad I want to take care of them.
I get worried or anxious when I see a police car behind me.
I don’t bother to keep in touch with my family anymore.
I find it difficult to manipulate people.
If a loved one is hurt or ill I want to take care of them.
I never cry at movies.
I feel guilty when I do something wrong.
You should take advantage of other people before they do it to you.
I feel emotional when I see cruelty to animals.
People sometimes say that I’m cold-hearted.
People can usually tell if I am lying.
I show affection with loved ones.
I love violent sports and movies.
Sometimes you have to pretend you like people to get something out of them.
I feel emotional when I see people dying in war.
I'm a soft-hearted person.
I can talk people into anything.
People are too sensitive when I tell them the truth about themselves.
Most people tell lies everyday.
People cry way too much at funerals.
You can get what you want by telling people what they want to hear.
I never feel guilty over hurting others.
A lot of people are suckers and can easily be fooled.
I sometimes dump friends that I don’t need any more.
I would never step on others to get what I want.
Considerate of others' feelings
Restless, overactive, cannot stay still long
Complains of headaches/stomach-aches/sickness
Shares readily with others
Often has temper tantrums
Tends to play alone
Generally obedient
Often seems worried
Helpful if someone is hurt, upset or ill
Constantly fidgeting
Has at least one good friend
Fights with or bullies other children
Often unhappy
Generally liked by other children
Easily distracted
Nervous or clingy in new situations
Kind to younger children
Often argumentative with adults
Picked on or bullied by other children
Often volunteers to help others
Can stop and think before acting
Can be spiteful to others
Gets on better with adults
Many fears, easily scared
Sees tasks through to the end, good attention span
My child does not trust new foods
If my child doesn't know what's in a food, he or she won't try it
My child is afraid to eat things she/he has never had before
My child is very particular about the foods he or she will eat
My child is constantly sampling new and different foods
I often notice small sounds when others do not
I usually concentrate more on the whole picture, rather than the small details
I find it easy to do more than one thing at once
If there is an interruption, I can switch back to what I was doing very quickly
I find it easy to ‘read between the lines’ when someone is talking to me
I know how to tell if someone is listening to me is getting bored
When I’m reading a story I find it difficult to work out the characters’ intentions
I like to collect information about categories of things (e.g. types of car, types of bird, types of train, types of plant etc.)
I find it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling just by looking at their face
I find it difficult to work out people’s intentions
Many items 
My child:
Eats more when worried
Has a big appetite
Eats less when angry
Eats less when he/she is tired
Eats more when annoyed
Eats more when anxious
Leaves food on his/her plates at the end of a meal
Gets full before his/her meal is finished
Eats more when they are happy
Eats less when upset
Gets full up easily
Eats more when he/she has nothing else to do
Cannot eat a meal if he/she has had a snack just before
Which of these statements best describes how well this child has done in school in the past 6 months?
How would you evaluate this child's current school performance in:
Reading related skills?
Spelling
Math-related skills
School overall
This child is:
Picked on by other children
Teased and ridiculed by other children
Pushed or shoved around by other children
This child and I always seem to be struggling with each other
This child easily becomes angry with me
This child remains angry or is resistant after being disciplined
Dealing with this child drains my energy
When this child is in a bad mood, I know we're in for a long and difficult day
This child's feeling toward me can be unpredictable or can change suddenly
This child is sneaky or manipulative with me
This child:
Has lost of friends at school
Is often left out by other children
Other children refuse to let him/her play with them
Is not chosen as a playmate
Is actively disliked by other children who reject him/her from their play
Is avoided by other children
Is not much liked by other children
Makes up reasons to go home from school
Dislikes school
Is interested in classroom activities
Has fun in school
Is cheerful at school
Approaches new activities wit enthusiasm
Likes being in school
Seems bored in school
Is a solitary child
Prefers to play alone
Likes to be alone
Is shy with other children
Is shy with unfamiliar adults
Avoids peers
Keeps peers at a distance
Is afraid of strangers
Withdraws from peer activities
Over this school year, this child:
Has been considerate of other people's feelings
Shared readily with other children (treats, toys, pencils etc.)
Has been helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Has been kind to younger children
Often volunteered to help others (parents, teachers, other children)
When this child has been teased or threatened he/she gets angry easily and strikes back
This child gets other children to gang up on a peer he/she does not like
This child always claims that other children are to blame in a fight and feels that they started the whole trouble
This child uses (or threatens to use) physical force in order to dominate other children
When a peer accidentally hurts this child (such as bumping into him) this child assumes that the peer meant to do it and then overreacts with anger and fighting
This child threatens or bullies others in order to get his way
My child forgets to turn in completed work
My child is perfect in every way
My child fidgets or squirms in seat
My child is one of the last to be picked for teams or games
My child is restless or overactive
My child does not know how to make friends
My child runs or climbs when he/she is not supposed to
My child cannot grasp arithmetic
My child is difficult to please or amuse
My child needs extra explanation of instructions
My child is hard to motivate (even with rewards like candy or money)
My child makes mistakes
My child acts as if driven by a motor
My child starts fights with others on purpose
My child has trouble getting started on tasks or projects
My child is happy, cheerful, and has a positive attitude
My child does not pay attention to details; makes careless mistakes
My child has trouble keeping friends
My child bullies, threatens or scares others
My child loses things (for example, schoolwork, pencils, books, tools or toys)
My child tells lies to hurt other people
My child I cannot figure out what makes him/her happy
My child threatens to hurt others
My child is constantly moving
My child has trouble with reading
My child is angry and resentful
My child has a short attention span
My child excitable, impulsive
My child cannot do things right
My child has trouble concentrating
My child tells the truth; does not even tell little white lies
My child has trouble organising tasks or activities
My child is fun to be around
My child inattentive, easily distracted
My child is messy or disorganised
My child spelling is poor
My child is patient and content, even when waiting in a long line
My child has no friends
My child does not understand what he/she reads
My child behaves like an angel
My child has trouble keeping his/her mind on work or on play for long
My child has to struggle to complete hard tasks
My child does not get invited to play or go out with others
My child’s problems seriously affect schoolwork or grades
My child’s problems seriously affect home life
My child’s problems seriously affect friendships and relationships
Do you have any other concerns about your child?
What strengths does your child have?
I start fights to get what I want
I threaten others when they do something wrong to me
When I hurt others, it makes me feel powerful and respected
When someone threatens me, I end up getting into a fight
I hurt others when I am angry at them
I threaten others to get what I want
I am deliberately cruel to others, even if they haven’t done anything to me
When I get angry, I will hurt someone
He/she:
Is a pretty happy person
Seems to feel very lonely
Gets upset when we, as parents, or his/her friends leave town for a few days
Does things that other people consider wild or out of control
Seems to feel pretty much the same way all the time. His/her feelings don't change very often
Seems to want to let some people know how much they've hurt him
Does things without thinking
His/her feelings are very strong. For instance, when he/she gets mad, he/she gets really  mad, when he/she gets happy, he/she gets really happy
Seems to feel that there is something important missing about him/her
Has picked friends who have treated him/her badly
Is careless with things that are important to him/her
Seems to change his/her mind almost every day about what he/she should do when he/she grows up
Feels that people who were close to him/her have let him down
Seems to go back and forth between different feelings, like being mad or sad or happy
Gets into trouble because he/she does things without thinking
Worries that people he/she cares about will leave and not come back
When he/she is mad, he/she can't control what he/she does
How he/she feels about himself/herself changes a lot
When he/she gets upset he/she does things that aren't good for him/her
Lots of times, he/she and his/her friends are really mean to each other
Gets so mad he/she can't let all his/her anger out
Seems to get bored very easily
Takes good care of things that are his/hers
Once someone is his/her friend, they stay friends
My child:
Eats more when worried
Has a big appetite
Eats less when angry
Eats less when he/she is tired
Eats more when annoyed
Eats more when anxious
Leaves food on his/her plates at the end of a meal
Gets full before his/her meal is finished
Eats more when they are happy
Eats less when upset
Gets full up easily
Eats more when he/she has nothing else to do
Cannot eat a meal if he/she has had a snack just before
Hits or slaps own head, neck, hands or other body parts
Harms self by scratching skin or pulling hair
Repeatedly bites self, hard enough to leave tooth marks or break skin
Physically harms self or hurts self on purpose
Threatens to harm self
Gouges self, puts thinks in ears, nose, or eats inedible things (specify)
Rocks body or head back and forth repetitively
Picking at scabs or wounds
Hitting head with/against objects
Cuts or carves self on purpose
Burns self on purpose
Over 100 questions about a range of behaviours, symptoms and problems related to child
Which of these statements best describes how well this child has done in school in the past 6 months?
How would you evaluate this child's current school performance in:
Reading related skills?
Spelling
Math-related skills
School overall
This child is:
Picked on by other children
Teased and ridiculed by other children
Pushed or shoved around by other children
This child and I always seem to be struggling with each other
This child easily becomes angry with me
This child remains angry or is resistant after being disciplined
Dealing with this child drains my energy
When this child is in a bad mood, I know we're in for a long and difficult day
This child's feeling toward me can be unpredictable or can change suddenly
This child is sneaky or manipulative with me
This child:
Has lost of friends at school
Is often left out by other children
Other children refuse to let him/her play with them
Is not chosen as a playmate
Is actively disliked by other children who reject him/her from their play
Is avoided by other children
Is not much liked by other children
Makes up reasons to go home from school
Dislikes school
Is interested in classroom activities
Has fun in school
Is cheerful at school
Approaches new activities wit enthusiasm
Likes being in school
Seems bored in school
Is a solitary child
Prefers to play alone
Likes to be alone
Is shy with other children
Is shy with unfamiliar adults
Avoids peers
Keeps peers at a distance
Is afraid of strangers
Withdraws from peer activities
Over this school year this child:
Has been considerate of other people's feelings
Shared readily with other children
Has been helpful if someone is hurt, upset or feeling ill
Has been kind to younger children
Often volunteered to help others
I start fights to get what I want
I threaten others when they do something wrong to me
When I hurt others, it makes me feel powerful and respected
When someone threatens me, I end up getting into a fight
I hurt others when I am angry at them
I threaten others to get what I want
I am deliberately cruel to others, even if they haven’t done anything to me
When I get angry, I will hurt someone
How often have you taken part in cyber-bullying another student
Last term, how often did you bully (or cyberbully) another young person(s) in the following ways (on your own or in a group)?
I teased someone in nasty ways
I told secrets about someone to others to deliberately hurt him/her
I hurt someone by trying to break up a friendship they had
I deliberately frightened or threatened someone
I deliberately physically hurt or ganged up on someone
I called someone names in nasty ways
I told someone I would not like them unless they did what I said
I deliberately damaged, destroyed and/or stole someone’s things
I tried to hurt someone by leaving them out of a group or by not talking to them
I told lies and/or spread false rumours about someone, to make their friends or others not like them
Not specified
Not specified
Example items:
I want to let some people know how much they've hurt me
When I'm mad I can't control what I do
My feelings are very strong. For instance, when I get mad, I get really, really mad. When I get happy, I get really, really happy
I feel that there is something important missing about me, but I don’t know what it is
I’ve picked friends who have treated me badly
I get into trouble because I do things without thinking
He/she has strong feelings in his/her body when he/she remembers something that happened (sweating, heart beats fast, feel sick).
He/she tries to stay away from people, places, or things that remind him/her about something that happened.
He/she has trouble feeling happy.
He/she has trouble sleeping.
It’s hard for him/her to concentrate or pay attention.
He/she feels alone and not close to people around him/her.
I had thoughts or images about the situation that occurred over and over again, that resulted in my feelings getting worse and worse.
I listened to sad music
I had thoughts or images about turning the clock back to do something again, but doing it better.
I had thoughts or images about all my shortcomings, failings, faults, mistakes.
I went some place alone to think about my feelings.
My thoughts overwhelmed me
I had thoughts or images like “Why do I have problems other people don’t have?”
When I was under pressure, I thought a lot about the situation
I had thoughts or images about a past event that came into my head even when I did not wish to think about it again
I had thoughts or images that “I won’t be able to do my job/work because I feel so badly.”
I went away by myself and thought about why I felt this way.
I had thoughts or images about the situation that resulted in me avoiding similar situations and that reinforced a decision to avoid similar situations.
I had thoughts or images like “Why can’t I get going?”
I had thoughts or images of the situation that were difficult to forget.
I was always thinking about something.
Once I started thinking about the situation, I couldn’t stop.
I had thoughts or images about how alone I felt.
I had a lot of thoughts or images of the situation after it was over.
I noticed that I had been thinking about the situation.
I had thoughts or images of the situation that I tried to resist thinking about.
I had thoughts or images about how angry I was with myself.
I thought about the situation all the time.
I thought about the situation until it was all done
I knew I shouldn’t have thought about the situation, but I couldn’t help it
I had thoughts or images asking “Why do I always react this way?”
I had thoughts or images about the situation and wishing it had gone better.
The situation really made me think
Is easily annoyed by others.
Often loses his/her temper.
Stays angry for a long time.
Is angry most of the time.
Gets angry frequently.
Loses temper easily.
Overall irritability causes him/her problems.
How often did each of these happen in the last 30 days?
Strong feelings in your body when you remember something that happened (sweating, heart beats fast, feel sick).
Try to stay away from people, places, or things that remind you about something that happened.
Trouble feeling happy.
Trouble sleeping.
Hard to concentrate or pay attention.
Feel alone and not close to people around you.
I think that COVID-19 is a very serious issue
I am worried that I will catch COVID-19
I am worried that family and friends will catch COVID-19
I am afraid to leave the house right now
I am worried I might transmit the infection to someone else
I am worried we won't have enough food and other essential items during the outbreak
I am worried about missing work
I am worried about the amount of money we have coming in
I am worried about the long-term impact this will have on my job prospects and the economy
I think that the coronavirus is a very serious issue
I'm worried that I will catch the coronavirus
I'm worried that family and friends will catch the coronavirus
I'm worried I might transmit the infection to someone else
I am missing spending time with my friends
I am missing my usual activities, such as sports, youth club, scouts or guides
I am enjoying spending more time at home
I am enjoying spending more time with my family
I like doing school work at home better than doing school work at school
I am missing going to school
I am missing a teacher or another member of staff at my school
I am enjoying talking to friends and family electronically (video chat, texting, email)
During the past month, how often did you:
Get angry at someone and yell or shout at them
Get angry with someone and kick or smash something, slam the door, punch the wall etc.
Get into a fight with someone and hit the person
Threaten someone with physical violence
Chest pain
Headaches
Rapid heartbeat
Irritability/outbursts of anger4
Unable to breathe deeply enough
Faster breathing than normal
Feeling short of breath at rest
Wheezing
Sleeping difficulties
Feeling jumpy/easily startled
Feeling unrefreshed after sleep
Fatigue
Double vision
Intolerance to alcohol
Itchy or painful eyes
Shaking
Tingling in fingers and arms
Tingling in legs and toes
Numbness in fingers/toes
Feeling distant or cut off from others
Constipation
Flatulence or burping
Stomach cramp
Diarrhoea
Dry mouth
Persistent cough
Lump in throat
Sore throat
Forgetfulness
Dizziness
Feeling disorientated
Loss of concentration
Pain on passing urine
Passing urine more often
Burning sensation in the sex organs
Loss of interest in sex
Increased sensitivity to noise
Increased sensitivity to light
Ringing in the ears
Avoiding doing things/situations
Pain, without swelling or redness in several joints
Joint stiffness
Feeling that your bowel movement is not finished
Changeable bowel function (mixture of diarrhoea /constipation)
Nightsweats which soak the bedsheets
Feeling feverish
Loss or decrease in appetite
Nausea
Vomiting
Distressing dreams
Stomach bloating
Unintended weight gain greater than 10lbs
Unintended weight loss greater than 10lbs
For each 1-53 = yes,
a. How bad has it been?
How much have you been bothered by these problems in the past month?
Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts, or images of a stressful experience?
Repeated, disturbing dreams of a stressful experience?
Suddenly acting or feeling as if a stressful experience were happening again (as if you were re-living it)?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience?
Having physical reactions (e.g. heart pounding, trouble breathing, sweating) when something reminded you of a stressful experience?
Avoiding thinking about or talking about a stressful experience?
Avoiding activities or situations because they reminded you of a stressful experience?
Trouble remembering important parts of a stressful experience?
Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy?
Feeling distant or cut-off from other people?
Feeling emotionally numb or being unable to have loving feelings to those who are close to you?
Feeling as if your future will somehow be cut short?
Having trouble falling or staying asleep?
Feeling irritable or having angry outbursts?
Having difficulty concentrating?
Being super alert, watchful or on-guard?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
If you experienced any of the problems above, 
How difficult have these problems made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people?
During the past month, how often did you:
Get angry at someone and yell or shout at them
Get angry with someone and kick or smash something, slam the door, punch the wall etc.
Get into a fight with someone and hit the person
Get angry and hit your spouse /partner
Get angry and hit another member of your family
Threaten someone with physical violence
Within the last few weeks, have you...
Been able to concentrate on whatever you're doing?
Lost much sleep over worry?
Felt that you were playing a useful part in things?
Felt capable of making decisions about things?
Felt constantly under strain?
Felt you couldn't overcome your difficulties?
Bene able to enjoy your normal day-to-day activities?
Been able to face up to problems?
Been feeling unhappy or depressed?
Been losing confidence in yourself?
Been thinking of yourself as a worthless person?
Been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?
In general, how different are these feelings to how you felt before the COVID-19 pandemic?
Here is a list of problems and complaints that people sometimes have in relation to stressful experiences. How much have you been bothered by these problems in the PAST MONTH?
Repeated, disturbing, and unwanted memories of the stressful experience?
Repeated, disturbing dreams of the stressful experience?
Suddenly feeling or acting as if the stressful experience were actually happening again (as if you were actually back there reliving it)?
Feeling very upset when something reminded you of the stressful experience?
Having strong physical reactions when something reminded you of the stressful experience (for example, heart pounding, trouble breathing, sweating)?
Avoiding memories, thoughts, or feelings related to the stressful experience?
Avoiding external reminders of the stressful experience (for example, people, places, conversations, activities, objects, or situations)?
Trouble remembering important parts of the stressful experience?
Having strong negative beliefs about yourself, other people, or the world (for example, having thoughts such as: I am bad, there is something seriously wrong with me,
no one can be trusted, the world is completely dangerous)?
Blaming yourself or someone else for the stressful experience or what happened after it?
Having strong negative feelings such as fear, horror, anger, guilt, or shame?
Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy?
Feeling distant or cut off from other people?
Trouble experiencing positive feelings (for example, being unable to feel happiness or have loving feelings for people close to you)?
Irritable behaviour, angry outbursts, or acting aggressively?
Taking too many risks or doing things that could cause you harm?
Being “superalert” or watchful or on guard?
Feeling jumpy or easily startled?
Having difficulty concentrating?
Trouble falling or staying asleep?
In general, how different are these feelings to how you felt before the COVID-19 pandemic?
I've been feeling optimistic about the future
I've been feeling useful
I've been feeling relaxed
I've been feeling interested in other people
I've had energy to spare
I've been dealing with problems well
I've been thinking clearly
I've been feeling good about myself
I've been feeling close to other people
I've been feeling confident
I’ve been able to make up my own mind about things
I've been feeling loved
I've been interested in new things
I've been feeling cheerful
In general, how different are these feelings to how you felt before the COVID-19 pandemic?
Have you ever thought of taking your life, even if you would not really do it?
Have you ever made an attempt to take your life, by taking an overdose of tablets or in some other way?
Have you ever [deliberately] harmed yourself in any way but not with the intention of killing yourself?
Have you gambled in the last 12 months (by gambling we mean betting, gaming or participating in a lottery)
If 1 = yes,
Have you bet more than you could really afford to lose?
Have people criticized your betting or told you that you had a gambling problem, regardless of whether or not you thought it was true?
Have you felt guilty about the way you gamble or what happens when you gamble?
Are you basically satisfied with your life?
Have you dropped many of your activities and interests?
Do you feel that your life is empty?
Do you often get bored?
Are you in good spirits most of the time?
Are you afraid something bad is going to happen to you?
Do you feel happy most of the time?
Do you often feel helpless?
Do you prefer to stay at home rather than going out and doing new things?
Do you feel you have more problems with memory than most?
Do you think it is wonderful to be alive now?
Do you feel pretty worthless the way you are now?
Do you feel full of energy?
Do you feel that your situation is hopeless?
Do you feel that most people are better off than you are?
I would like to ask if you have ever experienced certain things with any partner(s) in
the last five years?
Have you cursed or sworn at a partner?
Has a partner cursed or sworn at you?
Have you ordered your partner around?
Has a partner ordered you around?
Have you insulted or shamed a partner in front of others?
Has a partner insulted or shamed you in front of others?
Have you pushed, grabbed, or shoved a partner?
Has a partner pushed, grabbed, or shoved you?
Have you slapped a partner?
Has a partner slapped you?
Have you shaken a partner?
Has a partner shaken you?
Have you thrown an object at a partner that could hurt them?
Has a partner thrown an object at you that could hurt you?
Have you kicked, bitten, or hit a partner with a fist?
Has a partner kicked, bitten, or hit you with a fist?
Have you hit or tried to hit a partner with something?
Has a partner hit or tried to hit you with something?
Have you physically twisted a partner’s arm?
Has a partner physically twisted your arm?
Have you thrown or tried to throw a partner bodily?
Has a partner thrown or tried to throw you bodily?
Have you beaten a partner up (multiple blows)?
Has a partner beaten you up (multiple blows)?
Have you choked or strangled a partner?
Has a partner choked or strangled you?
Have you threatened a partner with a knife or gun?
Has a partner threatened you with a knife or gun?
Have you used a knife or gun on a partner?
Has a partner used a knife or gun on you?
Did he ever stay out late at night without his parents permission?
Did he run away from home overnight?
Was he ever truant from school?
Has he sometimes told lies or tricked people into giving him their things or doing what he wanted?
Has he stolen anything, for example shoplifting or forging a cheque?
Has he ever broken into a car, house, school or shop?
Has he ever used force to steal from another person, for example mugging them or snatching a purse?
Has he used a weapon like a gun, knife, stick or bottle or threatened someone with a weapon?
Has he ever been in jail or prison?
Has he ever made money illegally, for example selling drugs or stolen goods?
Has he ever had trouble getting a job or keeping a job?
Has he failed to pay his debts or to meet other financial responsibilities for example by gambling or failing to pay child support?
Has he ever left a partner with no warning because he was bored, felt tied down or wanted to be with someone else?
Has he had a lot of difficulty staying faithful to one partner?
Has he ever hit you or frightened you?
Has he ever been so angry with a child that he has hit them?
Has he been impulsive or acted without thinking?
Argues a lot
Blames others for own problems?
Bragging boasting?
Cruelty, bullying or meanness to others?
Demands a lot of attention?
Destroys things belonging to other people?
Breaks rules at school, work or elsewhere?
Doesn't get along with other people?
Doesn't seem to feel guilty after misbehaving?
Gets along badly with family?
Feels others are out to get him?
Gets in many fights?
Gets teased a lot?
Hangs around with people who get in trouble?
Lying or cheating?
Physically attacked people?
Screams or yells a lot?
Showing off or clowning?
Sulks a lot?
Very changeable behaviour?
Stubborn, sullen or irritable?
Sudden changes in mood or feelings
Suspicious?
Done things that may cause trouble with the law?
Talks too much?
Teases a lot?
Temper tantrums or hot temper?
Fired from a job?
Threatened people?
Stayed away from a job when he was not sick or not on holiday?
Unusually loud?
Vandalism?
Have you drunk too much alcohol or got drunk?
Have you used drugs (not alcohol) for other than medical reasons?
If 1 or 2 = yes,
Do you feel you have been a normal drinker/user?
Do friends and relatives think you are a normal drinker/user?
Has a close relative ever complained about your drinking/drug use?
Has your drinking/drug use ever created problems between you and a partner?
Has your drinking/drug use ever reacted problems between you and family or close relatives?
Have you ever neglected your obligations, family or work for more than two days in a row because you were drinking/using drugs?
Have you ever gotten into trouble at work because of your drinking/drug use?
Have you ever felt guilty about your drinking/drug use?
Have you spent more money than you wanted to on alcohol/drug use?
Have you been able to stop drinking/using drugs when you wanted to?
Has your drinking/drug use ever caused you any injuries, accidents or health problems?
Have you ever gone to anyone for help about your drinking/drug use?
Have you ever attended a meeting or any treatment for drinking/drug use?
Have you ever been in hospital because of drinking/drug use?
Have you ever been arrested for drunken driving or driving under the influence of alcoholic beverages/drugs?
Have you ever been arrested, even for a few hours because of other drunken behaviour/drug related activities?
Have you had any of these problems during the past five years, since the twins were five years old?
Until you were 18, did you ever stay out late at night without your parents permission?
Did you run away from home overnight? How many times did you run away from home overnight?
Have you ever been truant from school?
For these next questions I am asking you about your whole lifetime:
Have you sometimes told lies or tricked people into giving you things or doing what you wanted?
Have you stolen anything, for example shoplifting or forging a cheque?
Have you ever broken into a car, house, school or shop?
Have you ever used force to steal from another person, for example mugging them or snatching a purse?
Have you ever used a weapon like a gun, knife, stick or bottle or threatened someone with a weapon?
Have you ever been in jail or prison?
Have you ever made money illegally, for example selling drugs or stolen goods?
Have you ever had difficulty getting a job or keeping a job?
Have you walked off a job (quit) without giving notice?
Have you been fired from a job?
Have you failed to pay debts or meet other financial responsibilities?
Have you borrowed money and not paid it back?
Have you received or collected any benefits (e.g. unemployment, sickness) that you were not entitled to?
Have you ever left a partner with no warning because you were bored, felt tied down, or wanted to be with someone else?
Have you had a lot of difficulty staying faithful to one partner?
Have you left a child under the age of 6 without a grown up or teenager to look after them?
Have you been impulsive or acted without thinking?
Please tell me if these describe you now or in the past:
Have you argued a lot?
Have you bragged a lot?
Have you been mean to others?
Have you tried to get a lot of attention?
Have you destroyed things that belong to others?
Have you broken rules at school, work or elsewhere?
Have you not gotten along with other people?
Have you got on badly with your family?
Have you felt that others are out to get you?
Have you gotten into many fights?
Have you been teased a lot?
Have you hung around with others who got into trouble?
Have you lied or cheated?
Have you physically attacked anyone?
Have you screamed or yelled a lot?
Have you shown off or clowned around?
Have you been stubborn, sullen or irritable?
Have your moods or feelings changed suddenly?
Have you done things that have caused you trouble with the law?
Have you talked too much?
Have you teased others a lot?
Have you had a hot temper?
Have you threatened to hurt anyone?
Have you been louder than others?
The Berkeley Puppet Interview (BPI) uses puppets to conduct structured and clinical interviews that assess children's perceptions of themselves.
When I get cross, I don’t lose my temper / When I get cross, I lose my temper.
Sometimes I take things that don’t belong to me / I don’t take things that don’t belong to me.
When a kid gets in trouble at school, I don’t think it’s funny / When a kid gets in trouble at school, I think it’s funny.
When I want something that’s not mine, I steal it / When I want something that’s not mine, I don’t steal it.
I tease other kids, make fun of them or call them names / I don’t tease other kids.
Sometimes I tell lies / I don’t tell lies.
I hit kids a lot /I don’t hit kids.
I think it’s fun to tease and pick on other kids / I don’t think it’s fun to tease and pick on other kids
I don’t like to mess up other kids’ games or work / Sometimes I like to mess up other kids’ games or work.
I’m not nasty to animals / Sometimes I’m nasty to animals.
I fight with other kids a lot / I don’t fight with other kids.
I don’t hit my Mummy or Daddy / Sometimes I hit my Mummy or Daddy
When I don’t get my own way, I yell at Mummy or Daddy / When I don’t get my own way, I don’t yell at Mummy or Daddy.
Sometimes I break other people’s things when I’m cross with them / I don’t break other peoples’ things when I’m cross with them.
I start fires when a grown-up is not around / I don’t start fires when a grown-up is not around.
I don’t do what my Mummy and Daddy ask me to do / I do what my Mummy and Daddy ask me to do.
I don’t do what my teacher asks me to do / I do what my teacher asks me to do.
I don’t swear or say bad words / Sometimes I swear or say bad words.
When I’m playing a game, I don’t cheat / Sometimes I cheat when I’m playing a game.
Over 100 items
Procedure
On each deal, both twins receive a pair of cards showing a picture of an animals; the cards are arranged so that only one pair matches. The child with the matching pair is told to call "snap" and to move a magnet one space along a picture of a snake. The first child to reach the end of the snake (10 spaces) is the winner. The cards are rigged so that each child is exposed to a winning and a losing streak; and on the final deal both children emerge as joint winners.
Research workers coded the child’s behaviour during the game.
After the losing streak:
- Negative affect
- Anger
- Depression
After the winning streak:
- Positive affect
Over the whole game:
- Restlessness
- Fidgeting
- Inattention
- Controlling behaviour
Do you ask for help when you need it?
Do you feel good?
Do you often fight with adults?
Do you often blame others for your own mistakes?
Do you often answer the teacher’s questions in class?
Do you do things on purpose to get on the nerves of other people?
Do others easily get on your nerves?
Do you often lose your temper?
Do you have fun with your friends?
Do you often want to get back at people?
Are you often touchy, or easily annoyed by others?
Do you often swear or use bad words?
Do you look both ways before crossing the street?
Do you often refuse to do what adults tell you to do?
Are you often angry and resentful?
Do you often cheat?
Do you share with your friends?
Have you ever stolen more than once?
Do you fidget in your seat?
Have you ever set a fire on purpose?
Do you feel good at school?
Do you find it difficult to remain seated?
Do you often skip school?
Do you often disturb other children?
Do you feel good at home?
Have you ever hurt an animal on purpose?
Do you find it difficult to wait for your turn?
Have you ever destroyed other people’s things on purpose?
Are you very scared of bugs?
Do you often start fights?
Have you ever hurt people on purpose?
Have you ever stolen something right out of somebody’s hands?
Do you have fun with your friends?
Do you often talk too much?
Do you often run into the street without looking?
Do you find it difficult to play quietly?
Mother's schizotypal personality
Mother depressed
Have you ever believed you were being secretly tested or experimented on?
Have you ever believed that someone was plotting against you or trying to hurt or poison you?
Have you believed that someone was spying on you?
Have you been bothered by the belief that someone was following you?
Have you thought that people whom you didn’t know were talking about you or laughing at you?
Have you believed that someone was reading your mind?
Have you believed that you could hear what another person was thinking, even though they were not speaking?
Have you believed that others could hear your thoughts?
Have you believed that a person, power or force could control your movements or thoughts against your will?
Have you believed that someone or something could put thoughts into your mind that were not your own?
Have you felt that someone or something took your thoughts out of your mind?
Have you ever been convinced that someone you had not met was in love with you?
Have you believed that you were being sent special messages through the television or radio, or that a programme, song or news story had been made just for you?
Have you felt strange forces working on you, as if you were being hypnotised, hit by x-rays or laser beams, or as if magic was being performed on you?
Have you believed that you did something terrible for which you should have been punished?
If any 1-15= yes,
a. You said you have [remind parent of symptoms]. Have you experienced any of these in the past ten years (or since the twins were born)?
Ask all,
Have you ever had the experience of seeing things, or people, that others who were there at the time could not see, that is, having a vision when you were completely awake? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: Check - Was this only on drugs, or did they see a deceased family member? (Code NO if only while on drugs)]
Have you experienced, more than once, hearing things or hearing voices that other people cannot hear? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: Check - Was this only on drugs, or did they see a deceased family member? (Code NO if only while on drugs)]
a. If YES ask: Did this happen more than once? 
If 16 or 17 = yes,
Did you hear voices that were commenting on what you were doing or thinking?
Did you hear voices that were telling you what to do?
Did you hear two or more voices talking to each other, that other people could not hear?
Did you ever carry on a conversation with the voices that other people could not hear?
Ask all,
Have you been bothered by strange smells around you that no one else seemed to be able to smell, perhaps an odour coming from your own body?
Have you had unusual feelings inside, or on your body, like being touched when there was nothing there, or feeling as if something was moving inside your body?
Have you been bothered by strange tastes in your mouth that were not from anything you had eaten?
If any 16-24 = yes, 
a. You said you have … (remind parent of symptoms) Have you experienced any of these in the past ten years (or since the twins were born?
If no beliefs or experiences are coded yes, skip the rest of the questionnaire 
We have talked about certain beliefs or experiences you have had.
Have you ever had a month or more when you have had beliefs like these most of the time or you have had one of these experiences almost every day? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: If no, ask: was that because you were given medication that stopped the symptoms? Coding: lasted less than a month = no; medication taken to stop symptoms = maybe]
Did those beliefs or experiences occur during a period when you were feeling nervous, upset, or unable to do things you usually do?
After these beliefs or experiences began, did you find that you were less able to do your work, at a job, when you study or at home?
After these beliefs or experiences began, were you less able to make friends or enjoy social relationships?
After these beliefs or experiences began, did you go through a period when you would not bathe or wash your clothes, or you generally neglected your grooming? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: If grooming is poor, or has body odour, code yes]
Did you find that you could not have feelings, either happy or sad? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: If emotionally unresponsive or showed no facial expression, code yes]
Did you have trouble talking? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: If speech is odd, illogical or slow, code yes]
Did you have trouble moving? [INTERVIEWER INSTRUCTION: If no gestures, sits completely still, code yes]
Did any of these problems we have been talking about (beliefs, experiences, nervousness, inability to work, socialise or groom yourself) last six months?
How much did these beliefs or experiences cause you problems with life, family, friends or work?
How much did these beliefs or experiences cause you difficulty taking care of the twins?
Was there any time when you wanted to talk to a doctor or other professional about these symptoms?
If 36 = yes,
a. Did you do so? 
b. Did a doctor tell you this change in your behaviour was caused by a physical illness or a side effect of medication? Or, did you have all these strange experiences when high on a drug like LSD? 
If b = yes,
c. Reason
Over 40 items
Easily jealous
Falls for new friends intensely, expects too much too quickly
Changes friends constantly, loves them one day and hates the next
Fears they will be rejected or abandoned
Feels others are out to get him/her
Acts overly seductive or sexy, flirts a lot
Attracted to unsuitable romantic partners
Emotions spiral out of control, has extremes of rage, despair, excitement
Cannot think when upset, becomes irrational
Unable to soothe or comfort self
Lacks stable image of self, changes goals/values
Expresses emotions in an exaggerated dramatic way
Irritable, touchy, or quick to “fly off the handle”
Angry and hostile
Engages in self-harm behavior
Do you sometimes bully or threaten people who you don’t like?
Do you sometimes bully or threaten your twin or your brother or sister?
Do you sometimes hit someone when you are having an argument?
Do you sometimes start fights with people?
Do you sometimes hit one of your parents or step-parents? ..
Have you used a weapon on someone like a knife, piece of wood or baseball bat?
Have you hurt someone just for the fun of it?
Have you hurt someone just to be nasty?
Have you tried to hurt an animal on purpose?
Have you threatened someone to get money or stuff off them?
Have you damaged others’ property like smashing bottles or tipping rubbish bins in the street or at school, college, uni or work?
Have you purposely damaged or destroyed property that belongs to school, college, uni or work (like writing on walls, breaking equipment etc)?
Have you painted or written graffiti on a wall in a public place?
Have you damaged a parked car?
Have you broken into someone’s car?
Have you broken into someone’s house or flat?
Have you broken into another type of building like a school or warehouse?
Do you sometimes lie to people so you stay out of trouble?
Do you sometimes lie to people to get what you want?
Have you stolen something while nobody was looking?
Have you taken something from a shop or stall, sometimes called shoplifting?
Do you sometimes stay out late at night when your parents don’t want you to?
Have you run away from home and stayed away for the night?
Do you sometimes skip school, college, uni or work when you shouldn't?
Have you carried a hidden weapon?
Have you held or sold stolen goods?
Have you stolen a car or motorcycle?
Have you used someone's bank card without permission?
Have you used a false name?
Have you interfered with the work of the police?
Have you driven a car or motorcycle when you did not have a driver's license?
Have you sold cannabis?
Have you sold hard drugs?
Have you been in a gang fight?
Have you driven a car dangerously or under the influence of alcohol or drugs?
Have you cloned someone’s bank card?
Have you committed identity fraud?
Have you taken part in happyslapping (either done the slapping or filmed it)?
Have you actively taken part in a riot?
We’ve been talking about things that people your age sometimes do. 
If you wanted to do any of these things, could you do them with your twin?
Do you have a friend (not your twin) who you could to it with?
Do you have an older brother or sister, or even a cousin who you could do it with?
Have you ever been issued an ASBO (Antisocial Behaviour Order)?
Have you ever had to spend a night in police custody or prison?
[Using flashcards]
Feeling sad
Things working out
Doing things OK
Hate myself
Feel like crying
Things bother me
I look OK
Feel alone
Plenty of friends
Loves me
Having fun
I am bad
Bad things happening
Bad things my fault
Being with people
Make up mind
Push myself – schoolwork
Trouble sleeping
Am tired
Feel like eating
Aches and pains – worry
Fun at school
Schoolwork OK
Good as other kids
Do what I’m told
Get along with people
I get scared when my parents go away
I'm afraid that other kids will make fun of me
I try to stay near to my Mum or Dad
I get dizzy or faint feelings
I feel restless and on edge
I feel sick to my stomach
I get nervous if I have to perform in public
Bad weather, the dark, heights, animals or bugs scare me
I check to make sure things are safe
I feel shy
In the past year, have you spent a great deal of time using cannabis, or getting over the effect of cannabis?
How about other drugs?
Was it sometimes hard for you to stick with a decision you had made about how much cannabis you would use on a particular day; for instance, have you often taken a much larger amount than you intended to, or for more days in a row than you intended?
How about other drugs?
Have you noticed that you needed to use a lot more cannabis in order to get an effect, or found that you could no longer get the same effect from the amount you used to use?
How about other drugs?
In the past year, have there been times when you wished you could cut down, or had more control over when and how much you used cannabis?
How about other drugs?
Have you tried to cut-down on cannabis but found you couldn’t?
How about other drugs?
Within a few hours or days after not taking cannabis, or taking much less than usual, did you experience any withdrawal symptoms, such as sleep problems, appetite changes, feeling bad, seeing things, upset stomach, fits, flu symptoms?
How about other drugs?
Have you taken a drug (or a drink) to prevent or stop withdrawal symptoms from cannabis?
How about other drugs?
Have you continued to take cannabis even though it caused you physical health problems such as trouble breathing, losing a lot of weight, an overdose, sexual problems, an injury or burn?
How about other drugs?
Have you kept using cannabis even though it caused you emotional or psychological problems such as feeling depressed, anxious, hyperactive, paranoid, memory problems, or getting into fights?
How about other drugs?
Has your use of cannabis caused you to give up or greatly reduce any important activities IN ORDER to use it, or to associate with other users? Activities like sport, work, socialising with friends or family?
How about other drugs?
In the past year, have you kept using cannabis after objections from partner, family, friends, doctor, religious leader or employer?
How about other drugs?
In the past year, have you been under the influence of cannabis in situations where you could have caused an accident or got hurt, for example while driving, riding a bike, operating machinery or anything else?
How about other drugs?
Did being under the influence of cannabis frequently make you neglect your responsibilities at work, home or school?
How about other drugs?
In the past year, did the police arrest you or take you to A&E or a detox centre because of the way you were acting or driving when you had taken cannabis or other drugs? (NOT for possession)
Have you felt such a strong desire for cannabis, a craving for it, that you couldn’t think of anything else?
How about a craving for other drugs?
I have described symptoms associated with drug use. In the past year, on a scale from 1 to 5, how much have problems like these interfered with your life, family, friends, work, or everyday activities?
In the past year, was there any time when you wanted to talk to a doctor or other professional or go to rehab, detox, or attend Narcotics Anonymous or any other therapy to help you quit using?
Did you do so?
Apart from cannabis, which drugs were you thinking about when answering the problem questions in this section?
a. Stimulants 
b. Sedatives
c. Cocaine, Crack 
d. Opiates  
e. Club drugs  
f. Hallucinogens  
g. Inhalants 
h. Others
Interviewer instruction: drug notes - record twin's and own comments
In the past year, has there been a period when you spent so much time drinking or getting over the effects of alcohol that you had little time for anything else?
Did you ever have times when you started drinking even though you promised yourself you wouldn’t, or when you drank a lot more than you intended?
Were there ever times when you drank more frequently or for more days in a row than you intended?
Did you have times when you started drinking and became drunk when you didn’t want to? In the past year, did you ever need to drink a larger amount of alcohol to get an effect, or did you ever find that you could no longer get a “buzz” or a high on the amount you used to drink?
Have you wanted to quit or cut down on your drinking?
Have you tried to quit or cut down on your drinking?
Have you tried to quit or cut down on drinking but found you couldn’t?
In the past year, did you ever have times when you stopped, cut down, or went without drinking and then experienced withdrawal symptoms like fatigue, headaches, diarrhoea, the shakes, or emotional problems?
Did you ever have times when you took a drink to keep from having problems like these?
Have you continued to drink even though it caused you physical health problems such as ulcers, stomach problems, memory loss, or getting injured?
Have you continued drinking even though it caused you emotional or psychological problems such as feeling depressed, anxious, paranoid, or getting into quarrels or fights?
In the past year, has your drinking caused you to give up or greatly reduce any important activities IN ORDER to drink? Activities like sport, work, socialising with friends or family?
Have you kept drinking after objections from your partner, family, friends, doctor or employer?
Have you been under the influence of alcohol in situations where you could have caused an accident or got hurt, for example while driving, riding a bike, operating machinery or anything else?
Did drinking or being hung over interfere with your responsibilities at work, at home or at school?
Did the police arrest you or take you to A&E or a detox centre because of the way you were acting or driving when you had drunk alcohol?
In the past year, have you felt a strong desire for alcohol, a craving for it, so that it was difficult to think of anything else?
I have described symptoms associated with alcohol use. In the past year, on a scale of 1 to 5, how much have problems like these interfered with your life, family, friends, work, or everyday activities?
In the past year, was there any time when you wanted to talk to a doctor or other professional or go to Alcoholics Anonymous or some other therapy to get help for your drinking?
Did you do so?
Interviewer notes: record twin’s and own comments
I’m easily distracted, I get side tracked easily
I make careless mistakes
I don’t listen
I get bored quickly
I misplace my wallet, keys, mobile phone, paperwork. I lose things
I can’t concentrate, my mind wanders
I’m disorganised
I’m forgetful, I forget appointments, forget to do errands, forget to return calls
I tune out when I should focus
I jump into projects without reading the instructions
I lack self-discipline
I leave projects unfinished
I have difficulty waiting; I’m impatient
I make “snap” decisions (too fast)
I put off tasks that require lots of effort
I’m impulsive, I act without thinking about what might happen
I have difficulty organising tasks that have many steps
I can’t resist temptation
I talk too much
I get uncomfortable sitting still; I need to get up and move
I don’t enjoy doing quiet activities
I’m too loud or noisy
I’m always on the go, in a hurry, as if driven by a motor
I feel fidgety or squirmy
I feel very restless
I blurt out answers before others finish speaking
I interrupt, barge into others’ conversations
If any = yes,
We have been talking about problems with attention and hyperactivity. In the past year, on a scale of 1 to 5, how much have problems like these interfered with your life at home, or with family and friends?
In the past year, on a scale of 1 to 5, how much have problems like these interfered with your life at school or work?
Was there any time when you wanted to talk to a doctor or other professional about these problems?
Did you do so?
Interviewer notes: record twin’s and own comments
In most ways my life is close to my ideal
The conditions in my life are excellent
I am satisfied with my life
So far I have got the important things I want in life
If I could live my life over I would change almost nothing
Please tell us how well these statements describe your partner/husband.
He:
Talks a lot
Forgives others easily
Is careful
Is relaxed, handles stress well
Is original, has new ideas
Keeps his thoughts to himself
Is cold and distant with others
Is a hard worker
Is tense
Has a good imagination
Makes things exciting
Is kind and considerate
Is very organised
Worries a lot
Is creative
Is quiet
Is sometimes rude
Works until a thing is done
Keeps calm in difficult situations
Likes to think, to play with ideas
Is outgoing; likes people
Likes to be cooperative
Does things quickly and carefully
Gets nervous easily
Knows a lot about art, music, books
Makes good use of opportunities
Works to his ability
Has lots of common sense
Is a leader
Shows initiative
Has a good sense of humour
Is a "good citizen"
Is a good role model
Based on your interactions with [CM], do you think they are:
Gregarious
Considerate
Conscientious
Touchy
Perceptive
Energetic
Rude
Diligent
Brave
Knowledgeable
Cheerful
Trusting
Planful
Tense
Original
Talkative
Spiteful
Disorderly
Tearful
Curious
Constrained
Angry
Focussed
Fearful
Imaginative
Merry
Persevering
The CIS-R is an interviewer administered structured interview schedule covering non-psychotic symptoms in the week prior to interview. It can be used to provide prevalence estimates for 14 types of neurotic symptoms, six types of CMD, and a continuous scale that reflects the overall severity of neurotic psychopathology.
Each section of the CIS-R assessed one type of neurotic symptom. These were:
Somatic symptoms
Fatigue
Concentration and forgetfulness
Sleep problems
Irritability
Worry about physical health
Depression
Depressive ideas
Worry
Anxiety
Phobias
Panic
Compulsions
Obsessions
The sections started with two filter questions to establish the presence of the particular symptom in the past month. A  positive response led to further questions enabling a more detailed assessment of the symptom in the past week including frequency, duration, severity, and time since onset. 
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
Have you ever thought of taking your life, even if you would not really do it?
Have you ever made an attempt to take your life, by taking an overdose of tablets or in some other way?
If 1 or 2 = yes,
a. [When] was this…
If 2 = yes,
b. Did you try to get help from anyone following this attempt?
If b = yes,
c. Who did you try to get help from?
Ask all,
Have you ever deliberately harmed yourself in anyway but not with the intention of killing yourself?
If yes,
[When] was this...
[How] did you [harm yourself]…
Did you do any of these things to draw attention to your situation or to change your situation?
Did you do any of these things because it relieved unpleasant feelings of anger, tension, anxiety or depression?
Have you received medical attention for deliberately harming yourself in any of these ways?
Have you seen a psychiatrist, psychologist or counsellor because you had harmed yourself?
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. Each criterion was explored in turn with standard probes and thresholds for marking a criterion as present.
Have you ever smoked a cigarette?
If yes,
Do you smoke cigarettes at all nowadays?
If 1 and 2 = yes,
About how many cigarettes a day do you usually smoke at weekends?
About how many cigarettes do you usually smoke on weekdays?
How easy or difficult would you find it to go without smoking for a whole day?
Would you like to give up smoking altogether?
How soon after waking do you usually smoke your first cigarette?
In the last 12 months, how often have you had a drink containing alcohol?
If 1 >= once a month,
How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?
If 1 >= twice a month,
How often during the last year have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
How often during the last year have you failed to do what was normally expected from you because of drinking?
How often during the last year have you needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
How often during the last year have you had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
How often during the last year have you been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
If 1 >= once a month,
Have you or someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?
Has a relative, a friend or a doctor or other health worker been concerned about your drinking and suggested you cut down?
Now thinking about your drinking in the last 6 months, would you say that the day after drinking alcohol…
You woke up feeling sweaty
Your hands shook first thing in the morning
Your whole body shook violently first thing in the morning if you didn't have a drink
You woke up absolutely drenched in sweat
I dreaded waking up in the morning
I was frightened of meeting people first thing in the morning
I felt at the edge of despair when I awoke
I felt very frightened when I awoke
I liked to have a morning drink
I always gulped my first few drinks down as quickly as possible
I drank in the morning to get rid of the shakes
I had a very strong craving for drink when I awoke
I drank more than 1/4 bottle spirits a day (or 4 pints of beer/2 cans strong lager/1 bottle table wine)
If 13 >= sometimes,
I drank more than 1/2 bottle spirits a day (or 8 pints of beer/4 cans strong lager/2 bottles table wine)
If 13 and 14 >= sometimes,
I drank more than 1 bottle spirits a day (or 15 pints of beer/8 cans strong lager/4 bottles table wine)
If 13 - 15 >= sometimes,
I drank more than 2 bottles spirits a day (or 30 pints of beer/15 cans strong lager/8 bottles table wine)
All participants
Imagine the following situation.  (1) You have hardly drunk alcohol for a few weeks  (2) You then drink very heavily for two days  How would you feel in the morning after those two days of heavy drinking? Would you say that:
I would start to sweat
My hands would shake
My body would shake
I would be craving for a drink
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The Schedule for Clinical Assessment in Neuropsychiatry version 2.1 (SCAN) is a semi-structured interview that provides ICD-10 diagnoses of psychotic disorder. SCAN involves interviewer judgement of whether symptoms are present (as opposed to self-reporting).
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. Each criterion was explored in turn with standard probes and thresholds for marking a criterion as present.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
The SCID-II clinical interview covers each personality disorder category in turn and, within each category, each component criterion is evaluated by a specified question (or questions) and subsequent specified probes. It has 120 items and the clinician must make a judgement of the rating for each item.
Superficial
Grandiose
Deceitful
Lacks remorse
Lacks empathy
Doesn't accept responsibility
Impulsive
Lacks goals
Irresponsible
Poor behavioural controls
Adolescent antisocial behaviour
Adult antisocial behaviour
How often do you have trouble wrapping up the fine details of a project, once the challenging parts have been done?
How often do you have difficulty getting things in order when you have to do a takes that requires organisation
How often do you have problems remembering appointments or things you have agreed to?
When you have a task that requires a lot of thought, how often do you avoid or delay getting started?
How often do you fidget or squirm with your hands or your feet when you have to sit down for a long time?
How often do you feel overly active and compelled to do things, life you were driven by a motor?
I have constant time pressure due to heavy work load
I have many interruptions and disturbances in my job
Over the past few years, my job has become more an more demanding
I receive the respect I deserve from my line manager
My job promotion prospects are poor
I have experienced or I expect to experience an undesirable change in my work situation
My job security is poor
8a. Considering all my efforts and achievements, I receive the respect and prestige I deserve at work from my colleagues
8b. Considering all my efforts and achievements, I receive the respect and prestige I deserve at work from my clients
8c. Considering all my efforts and achievements, I receive the respect and prestige I deserve at work from my customers
Considering all my efforts and achievements, my work prospects are adequate
I get easily overwhelmed by time pressures at work
As soon as I get up in the morning I start thinking about work problems
When I get home, I can easily relax and 'switch off' from work
People close to me say I sacrifice too much for my job
Work rarely lets me go, it is still on my mind when I go to bed
If I postpone something that I was supposed to do today I'll have trouble sleeping at night
Before you were 15:
Would you bully or threaten other kids?
Would you start fights?
Did you hurt or threaten someone with a weapon, like a bat, brick, broken bottle, a knife or a gun?
Did you deliberately torture someone or cause someone physical pain or suffering?
Did you torture or hurt animals on purpose?
Did you rob, mug or forcibly take something from someone by threatening him or her?
Did you force someone have sex with you, get undressed, or touch you sexually?
Did you start fires?
Did you deliberately destroy things that weren't yours?
Did you break into houses, other buildings, or cars?
Did you lie a lot or con other people?
Did you sometimes steal or shoplift things or forge someone's signature?
Did you run away and stay away overnight?
Before you were 13:
Did you often stay out very late, long after the time you were supposed to be home?
Did you often skip school?
Now thinking of the time since you were 15:
Do you often do things on the spur of the moment without thinking about how it will affect you or other people?
Has there been a period when you had no regular place to live, for at least a month or so?
Have you ever hit or thrown things at your spouse or partner?
Have you ever hit a child, yours or someone else's, so hard that he or she had bruises, or had to stay in bed or seen a doctor?
Have you been in any fights?
Have you been in a physical fight, assaulted or deliberately hit anyone in the past five years?
If 36 = yes,
36a. How many times in the last five years?
36b. Were you ever intoxicated with drink or drugs before any of these incidents?
36c. Did any of these incidents involve any of the following people?
a. Spouse or partner
b. Girlfriend or boyfriend
c. Children
d. Other family member
e. A friend
f. Someone known to you - not a family or friend
g. A stranger
h. Police
e. Other
36d. Did any of these fights or assaults occur in the following places?
a. In your home
b. In someone else's home
c. In the street - outdoors
d. In a bar or pub
e. At your workplace
f. In a hospital
g. Anywhere else
36e. Did any of the following things happen as a result of these fights or assaults?
a. You were injured
b. You saw your GP because of your injuries
c. You went to hospital because of your injuries
d. The other person(s) were injured
e. The police became involved
f. None of these things
Since you were 15:
Have you used a weapon, like a stick, knife, or gun in a fight?
Do you feel guilty or remorseful for previous behaviour such as having hurt, mistreated, or stolen from other people?
Have you done things that are against the law, even if you weren't caught?
Have you used or sold drugs?
Have you passed bad cheques?
Have you been paid for sex?
Have you ever used an alias or pretended to be someone else?
Have you often 'conned' others to get what you want?
Did you ever drive a car when you were drunk or high on drugs?
I complete my tasks at work and home satisfactorily
I find my tasks at work and at home very stressful
I have no money problems
I have difficulties in getting and keeping close relationships
I have problems in my sex life
I get on well with my family and other relatives
I feel lonely and isolated from other people
I enjoy my spare time
I prefer to do things the same way over and over again
I often notice  small sounds when others do not
Other people frequently tell me that what I've said is impolite, even thought I think it is polite
I am fascinated by dates
I find social situations easy
I tend to notice things that others do not
I would rather go to a party than a library
I find myself drawn more strongly to people than to things
When I talk, it isn't always easy for others to get a word in edgeways
When I'm reading a story, I find it difficult to work out the characters intentions
I particularly enjoy reading fiction
I find it easy to make new friends
I know how to tell if someone listening to me is getting bored
I find it easy to do more than one thing at once
When I talk on the phone, I'm not sure when it's my turn to speak
I find it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling just by looking at their face
I like to collect information about categories of things (e.g. types of car, types of bird, types of train, types of plant, etc)
I like to plan any activities I participate in carefully
I enjoy social occasions
I am not very good at remembering peoples data of birth
If total score >= 8 and total attention switching >=2
I1. You've said that you prefer to [do things the same way each time/plan activities carefully]. Are your important daily routines, work or study ever affected by this?
If total score >= 8 and total attention to detail >=2
I2. You've said that you are particularly good at things like [noticing small sounds when others do not/remembering details like dates]. Are your important daily routines, work or study ever affected by this?
If total score >= 8 and total communication >=2
I3. You've said that you sometimes have difficulties [knowing how and when to speak/being told that you are impolite]. Are your important daily routines, work or study ever affected by this? 
If total score >= 8 and total social skill >=2
I4. You've said that you [may avoid social situations or find them difficult/find yourself drawn strongly to things]. Are your important daily routines, work or study ever affected by this? 
If total score >= 8 and total imagination >=2
I5. You've said that you [take a particular interest in facts about things but not in characters in stories]. Are your important daily routines, work or study ever affected by this? 
A semi-structured clinical assessment of whether current behaviour is consistent with a diagnosis of an autistic disorder. 
Over the last 2 weeks...
I've been feeling optimistic about the future
I've been feeling useful
I've been feeling relaxed
I've been feeling interested in other people
I've had energy to spare
I've been dealing with problems well
I've been thinking clearly
I've been feeling good about myself
I've been feeling close to other people
I've been feeling confident
I've been able to make up my own mind about things
I've been feeling loved
I've been interested in new things
I've been feeling cheerful
Fear of embarrassment causes me to avoid doing things or speaking to people
I avoided activities in which I am the centre of attention
Being embarrassed or looking stupid are among my worst fears
How often do you have trouble wrapping up the fine details of a project, once the challenging parts have been done?
How often do you have difficulty getting things in order when you have to do a takes that requires organisation?
How often do you have problems remembering appointments or things you have agreed to?
When you have a task that requires a lot of thought, how often do you avoid or delay getting started?
How often do you fidget or squirm with your hands or your feet when you have to sit down for a long time?
How often do you feel overly active and compelled to do things, life you were driven by a motor?
How often do you have difficulty waiting your turn in situations when turn taking is required?
If 1, 2 or 3 >= sometimes or any 4-7 >= often
How old were you when these experienced (sic)?
If I postpone something that I was supposed to do today I'll have trouble sleeping at night
In general, do you have difficulty making and keeping friends?
Would you normally describe yourself as a loner?
In general, do you trust other people?
Do you normally lose your temper easily?
Are you normally an impulsive soar of person? For example, do you rush into most things without thinking about the consequences?
Are you normally a worrier?
In general, do you depend on others a lot?
In general, are you a perfectionist?
Has there ever been a period of time where you were  not your usual self and…
You felt so good or so hyper that other people thought you were not your normal self or you were so hyper that you got into trouble?
You were so irritable that you shouted at people or started fights or arguments?
You felt much more self-confident than usual
You got much less sleep than usual and found that you didn't really miss it?
You were much more talkative or spoke much faster than usual?
Thoughts raced through your head or you couldn't slow your mind down?
You were so easily distracted by things around you that you had trouble concentrating or staying on track?
You had much more energy than usual?
You were much more active or did many more things than usual?
You were much more social or outgoing than usual, for example you telephoned friends in the middle of the night?
You were much more interested in sex than usual?
You did things that were unusual for you or that other people might have thought was excessive, foolish or risky?
Spending money got you or your family into trouble?
If more than 7 of Q1-13 = yes,
Have several of these ever happened during the same period of time?
How much of a problem did any of these cause you - like being unable to work, having family, one or legal troubles, getting into arguments or fights?
I prefer to do things the same way over and over again
I often notice  small sounds when others do not
Other people frequently tell me that what I've said is impolite, even thought I think it is polite
I am fascinated by dates
I find social situations easy
I tend to notice things that others do not
I find myself drawn more strongly to people than to things
When I talk, it isn't always easy for others to get a word in edgeways
When I'm reading a story, I find it difficult to work out the characters intentions
I find it easy to make new friends
I know how to tell if someone listening to me is getting bored
I find it easy to 'read between the lines' when someone is talking to me
People often tell me that I keep going on and on about the same thing
I find it easy to do more than one thing at once
When I talk on the phone, I'm not sure when it's my turn to speak
I find it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling just by looking at their face
I like to collect information about categories of things (e.g. types of car, types of bird, types of train, types of plant, etc)
It does not upset me if my daily routine is disturbed
I enjoy social occasions
I am not very good at remembering peoples date of birth
A semi-structured clinical assessment of whether current behaviour is consistent with a diagnosis of an autistic disorder. 
On the whole, I am satisfied with myself
I feel I do not have much to be proud of
I feel that I have a number of good qualities
At times I think I am no good at all
I take a positive attitude toward myself
I wish I could have more respect for myself
All in all, I am inclined to feel that I am a failure
I feel that I'm a person of worth, at least on an equal plane with others
I see myself as:
Extraverted, enthusiastic
Critical, quarrelsome
Dependable, self-disciplined
Anxious, easily upset
Open to new experiences, complex
Reserved, quiet
Sympathetic, warm
Disorganised, careless
Calm, emotionally stable
Conventional, uncreative
In the last two weeks, have you felt as if you are under the control of some force or power other than yourself?
In the last two weeks, have you heard voices when you are alone?
In the last two weeks, have you heard voices talking to each other when you are alone?
In the last two weeks, have you felt as if a double has taken the place of a family member, friend, or acquaintance?
In the last two weeks, have you seen objects, people or animals that other people can't see?
I often notice small sounds when others do not.
I usually concentrate more on the whole picture, rather than the small details.
I find it easy to do more than one thing at once
If there is an interruption, I can switch back to what I was doing very quickly
I find it easy to ‘read between the lines’ when someone is talking to me
I know how to tell if someone listening to me is getting bored
When I’m reading a story I find it difficult to work out the characters’ intentions
I like to collect information about categories of things (e.g. types of car, bird, train, plant etc.)
I find it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling just by looking at their face
I find it difficult to work out people’s intentions
I like being around other people
I find it hard to get my words out smoothly
I am comfortable with unexpected changes in plans
It's hard for me to avoid getting side-tracked in conversations
I would rather talk to people to get information than to socialize
People have to talk me into trying something new
I am 'in-tune' with the other person during conversation
I have to warm myself up to the idea of visiting an unfamiliar place
I enjoy being in social situations
My voice has a flat or monotone sound to it
I feel disconnected or 'out of sync' in conversations with others
People find it easy to approach me
I feel a strong need for sameness from day to day
People ask me to repeat things I've said because they don't understand
I am flexible about how things should be done
I look forward to situations where I can meet new people
I have been told that I talk too much about certain topics
When I make conversation it is just to be polite
I look forward to trying new things
I speak too loudly or softly
I can tell when someone is not interested in what I am saying
I have a hard time dealing with changes in my routine
I am good at making small talk
I act very set in my ways
I feel like I am really connecting with other people
People get frustrated by my unwillingness to bend
Conversation bores me
I am warm and friendly in my interactions with others
I leave long pauses in conversation
I alter my daily routine by trying something different
I prefer to be alone rather than with others
I lose track of my original point when talking to people
I like to closely follow a routine while working
I can tell when it is time to change topics in conversation
I keep doing things the way I know, even if another way might be better
I enjoy chatting with people
Please read over all the choices below and decide which one is most like you today:
How worried do you feel today?
How sad do you feel today?
How much pain do you have today?
How tired are you today?
How annoyed are you today?
How are you doing with your homework today?
How did you sleep last night?
How are you doing with your daily routine?
Are you able to join in activities today?
In relation to your child, please indicate to what extent you agree with each of the statements below:
Expresses a difference between their experienced gender identity and their birth assigned gender
Expresses a desire to be of another gender from the one assigned to them at birth
Expresses a desire to be rid of their primary and/or secondary sex characteristics or a desire to prevent the development of anticipated sexual characteristics
Expresses a desire for the physicality (i.e. primary and secondary sex characteristics) that is associated with the gender they identify with/another gender
Expresses a desire to be treated as another gender
Expresses a conviction that they have the typical feelings and reactions of another gender
Expresses feelings, pertaining to their gender, that are associated with significant distress or impairment at school, with friends, or other
I felt miserable or unhappy
I didn’t enjoy anything at all
I felt so tired I just sat around and did nothing
I was very restless
I felt I was no good anymore
I cried a lot
I found it hard to think properly or concentrate
I hated myself
I was a bad person
I felt lonely
I thought nobody really loved me
I thought I could never be as good as other kids
I did everything wrong
I prefer to behave like a boy
Every time someone treats me like a girl I feel hurt
I love to live as a girl
I continuously want to be treated like a boy
A boys life is more attractive for me than a girl’s life
I feel unhappy because I have to behave as a girl
Living as a girl is something positive for me
I enjoy seeing my naked body in the mirror
I like to behave sexually as a girl
I hate menstruating/periods because it makes me feel like a girl
I hate having breasts
I wish I had been born as a boy
My life would be meaningless I would have to live as a boy
Every time someone treats me like a boy I feel hurt
I feel unhappy if someone calls me a boy
I feel unhappy because I have a male body
The idea that I will always be a boy gives me a sinking feeling
I hate myself because I am a boy
I feel uncomfortable behaving like a boy, always and everywhere
Only as a girl/woman my life would be worth living
I dislike urinating in a standing position
I am dissatisfied with my beard growth because it makes me look like a boy/man
I dislike having erections
It would be better not to live than to live as a boy
Please rate how much you personally agree or disagree with each of the following statements:
I have tried to stop feeling like the gender I do in general
If someone offered me the chance to change my gender identity, I would accept the chance
I wish I weren’t of my gender identity
I feel that my gender identity is a personal shortcoming for me
I would like to get professional help in order to change my gender identity from what it is to something else
I have tried to feel more like the sex I was assigned at birth
I feel alienated from myself because of my gender identity
I wish that I could identify more closely with the sex I was assigned at birth